Old sport

TOTALLY AGREE that daisy did nOT handle that well..... but i feel like people are forgetting she'd built a life for herself by then? and i don't just mean a cheating daddy warbucks. if it was just him, yeah, gorl what r u doing??? but she has a kid, and this also takes place in the 20s which was a risky time for women to attempt complete and utter independence (jordan was lucky)....... not to mention, in reality, she's more of a daydream for gatsby than anything. her love for him was never as strong as his for her and that's bc he'd built up such a huge fantasy, but she was grounded??? so like.... yEAH DAISY U COULDA HANDLED THAT BETTER but there are reasons behind her 'asshole' moves

Song?

I remember when I first read this book, I thought "Nick Carraway doesn't deserve all the people in this book"

Gatsby puts Okonkwo to shame?

Amitabh Bachchan?????? BOOOOMB

Loved the book. Only book that I studied in a class I watched.

great movie, I don't like the ending tho... Anyways, can I know what the song in the beginning is?? ty

love this ?

And here di caprio meme began

one of the best movies ever made!

I don't know why I've never watched this! It looks right up my street. And what a tune to put to the trailer! Love is blindness!

you know i dont want to act like an asshole and i dont want to call a woman a bitch but goddamn daisy was a gold digging bitch

what's the song in the beginning ?

Am I the only one who wanted to read the book?

I fucking loved this movie, must have seen it about 3-4 times in the theater.

I hated the fact that my English teacher made me read it, but hell, the fact that it's portrayed by such cast made me love the whole story.

The actress should've been Emma Stone.

? ????? ?????? ??? ???????? ??? ?????????????...

i honestly kinda hate reading but the great gatsby was a book worth reading

Best adaption of novel to film for sure

What song is that

I hate the animal kingdom ad 

amitabh bachhan was there

rishte mein hum tumhaare baap lgte hein naam hein shehensha

Amitabh bachhan

bad movie...piss u

One of the best trailers EVER!!!

thank english teacher for 







letting me smash

Of the books I've read so far (I'm a junior) this book and Romeo and Juliet are my favorite. I had to read some book called Fahrenheit 451 and I didn't like that one but most of what we read was good.

Here just a tip before you watch the movie:






Gatsby dies.

Ah Parker.....
your voice is so appropriate for this narration.
I coulda seen him playing Spidey Noire if his voice was a bit deeper.
I mean, Emo Parker took the cake XD

Best book ever!! My English teacher is going to make us read it next quarter but I've already read it twice! ?

i hated Daisy she was such a hoe omg

the best movie ever

Family guy spoiled the movie for me

I think the great gatsbys message is you can only see true people/friends when u have money

I'm gonna have to watch the movie. I'm a little late lol . loved the book . and have read it many times over . Leo is an excellent actor. and should have more than one Oscar to his name .

I love this movie . All these beautiful colours . Great movie . Great story . Great book .

best movie ever

Should I watch the movie?

I have never seen it, but I read the book and absolutely loved it! I am bored right now and I can't sleep, shall I watch it, is it good?

Fuck it Leo is in there,  of course it's good!

I just finished reading the book for class and it was really good.  Can't wait to finally watch the movie.

Nick knew his cousin is cheated on and didnt do anything?

lowkey i was watching this in class and i realized that at the party with the party and the fireworks that was a meme

the great gatsby but everytime gatsby says old sport it gets faster

babe, you look so cool...

The GREAT Gatsby!!

This movie became the theme of our prom this year

song at 1:13?

most boring movie ever.

Am I the only one who read this for school, but loved it?

Gatsby dies. I hope I spoiled it for you

watched 38 minutes, switched it off. very boring, messy story and modern music didnt fit with an old set style movie. dissapointed as i payed for this movie

What a beautiful Art Deco trailer it is.

What's the song title?

It's strange, many of the people here are saying that they were forced into reading this book. Am I the only one that had read it myself?

Good job on the remake movie of The Great Gatsby

Tobey Maguire shouting "Get outta here!!" Kind of broke the spell for me. I can't see him in anything other than Peter Parker.

Intro song name ?

This movie does the book justice, which is hard to come by nowadays. I like the book a bit better. That's hard to say though because, let's be honest, Leo is HD? best thing ever.

Bar the modern music, incredibly true to the book! Love the book and the film, true classics. Plus Leo still owns it.

Im here because of Family Guy and the Family Guy version was way better! And more true!

Um...this is based on a book. Just thought everybody should know...it's sort of famous...yeah...

I can't help it. I still see Family Guy characters as Great Gatsby characters.

God this was an awful representation of the book.

this movie has the worst CGI ive ever fuckin seen...un fucking watchable. i watched this when i was drunk btw.

no church in the wild is like the best song to use in every trailer

i literally guessed toby mcguire as Nick lol

I read this in English 11 Honors. Just curious, what year in high school were you all in when you read this book?

I just read the book and I really need some explenations so if someone can answer these questions I'll be very thankful.Firs , what makes Gatsby Great , why Daisy  left Gatsby and chose Tom , is Gatsby positive or negative( because according to some pages on google it says he is kind of negative ) , and what is the moral of the book. I really need these anwers cuz' I am going to do a project at school about this book.

my favourite character is Nick

Too be honest what Gatsby wasn't all that bad everyone was doing it at that point and we can just blame the government for that, oh yeah the movies soundtrack sucks its the 1920's for peats sake

jayz brought me

Aye Spider-Man lmaoo

I hated they used rap in the beginning it didn't make sense

I knew it..... Jack White does sing the background song

Song at the beginning?

The book is a million times better. Also, DiCaprio as Gatsby was disastrous. He should have been Nick. He just does not resemble Gatsby.

i love this movie

Is this anything like the book?

how is the name of the first song

I like how there's a green light at the last shot

I hate Daisy..

trash

Is the book the same as the movie?? please answer

The Great Gatsby #2017

0:25 Spiderman Noir!

Daisy is a typical woman of todays world

Haven't watched the movie but it seems so much better than the book.

first time the movie owns the book

I loved  the book but the movie.  . .
GOD FUCKING JESUS !!!
IT'S MASTERPIECE

the book, american society at its worse, if no one can get high off any substances, society will loose moral, from an unsafe level

Titanic Twist. Jack survives the Titanic washes up on shore then gets taken in by some rich couple who decide to care for him as a son, yet Jack doesn't know or remembers anything of his pass the Titanic or Rose so his fake parents tell him another story of how he was bought up. As he grew older he became a millionaire and owned a Mansion yet little did he know he was once poor and had to win his way onto the most luxurious ship. Later on he eventually dies (again) for real this time without a clue that he once loved this so called girl  "Rose" or that she even existed. And meanwhile Rose still remembers a man who once saved her live and thought to have died on that night. Sad story eh. Even if this is all bullshxt lol

This move remind me of her. I used to love a girl who might be still my cousin girlfriend. I didn't know until I end up loved her. She knew I love her and I know she has feelings for me. He was psycho in love but I always have respect her. Anyway everything get sort out when you find new true lover. Peace out

the best trailer ever

I don't care what anyone says, this film is still amazing

i loved the book and thought this movie was great. i don't know why it got so many poor reviews.

Piece of shit movie, the book was better. Leo was shit too.

In the end, the woman with red hair shouted TOM TOM, why didn't anyone hear it? The horn wasn't that loud!

This trailer gives the movie a whole different tone.

Spider-Man+Jack+Shahensha=???

I cannot unhear Spider-Man when I watch this movie.

Easily one of the best movies

I go to school in London so we don't get to read The Great Gatsby. In retrospect, I'm actually happy they make us read Shakespeare and classic novels like this because when would we ordinarily get the chance to read them. Maybe i'll try reading The Great Gatsby sometime.

I love this trailer soooo much ?

this movie is so fuckin sad and Daisy is an asshole.

can someone tell me the song?

dat bitch ....

The Great Gatspy By : Sir. Scott Fitzgerald! 
? I'm reading the book!

Daisy sadly is the definition of a gold digger.

They blew it. Di Caprio was born to play this role, and he played it perfectly. But they miscalculated on just about every other aspect of this movie. The book and the whole story, is about the times, and it should be properly set, and rooted in the times, i.e. no modern dance music. And the sets were cartoony at best, and unrealistically grandiose at worst. No - it' just didn't work, but that was no fault of Di Caprio's.

I have this for my exam that's the only reason that I need to watch this, instead of reading it. last level of laziness

i swear to god, this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life

Tobey my baby

Fantastic book! Really shows how the "idea" of having something, is better than the actual thing, and how in the 20's people would do anything for wealth. Daisy gave up true love for wealth, and she did so very knowingly.....just a fantastically profound book.??

What is this movie about? Lol

Perfect casting

This trailer is so beautiful.

Some of the ugliest bitches are in this movie

Spider-Man

so what's the meaning of it's all make. sense?

Warning: DO NOT read the comments. It is FILLED with spoilers.

nice movie,  and 1:39 reminded me mafia 1 XD

what song is that in the very beginning???

The Great Gatsby is one of those novels you might of read and regret doing so being indifferent to what happens to the character by the time you put it down.

one of the greatest movies of our generation

*in 1938 daisy dies,actually she gets burned to death* Ohk now  umm feeling a lot better

If my grandmother's still alive, she'd be cursing Daisy to death. Yeah, that's how my grandma reacts to every villain that she sees if she's still alive.

Ending is so fucked up

If i cry on this movie, and also on every movie by leonardo dicrapio when is die, I think the problem is at me, I am gay ? :)))

Wait did daisy find out at the end tht he got shot? Like did she not love him if she knew?

By the time she was a 40 or 50 year old woman, Daisy would definitely have deeply regretted not going with her heart and going with Gatsby. Then again, she's not the type of woman that deserves love anyways.

The story of Gatsby is basically mine... I just don't know how to get rich haha

You gotta read the book. Takes a couple chapters to get into but once you're there you won't be able to put it down. Such a good story

It is about how everything is a game or a play for American or European rich and this includes others people lives. It's not that a poor man falls in love with a rich girl and they run away and happily live after. Don't be like them because it seems many people in some ways want to. The master race ?? And when carraway goes to party for the first time there is a voice saying in behind. There is no need to believe in God !!! It is like a passing chatter. 
This sick people. Be everything they are not. Be humble truthful modest smart and intelligent with a heart and mind to think and you will find truth. Be like them this is what you will become Daisy or her husband and the women that golf player one or the one who had affair or the one who killed gatsby and if you run after them you will end up like gatsby, not the great gatsby but the poor gatsby. And if you waste your life reading about them and looking into their lifes, you will end up like nick carraway, disgusted angry pitiful disappointed.

I hate sad end movies ?

3D what?    LOL

3D what? LOL

ok ... uhh it's daisy and I think they could have found someone better

why does Leo always end up dying in a movie? ??

Never read the book, never watched the movie.

This book was a doorway to a devout man's romantic fantasies. Gatsby was a man of good heart and mind, giving up his life for the sake of his love. Daisy was a character that was full of loving playfulness, and though she drove me half to insanity, I feel that the book would have been nothing without her. All of the characters, in fact, seemed to fit together to make this masterpiece of a book, and I believe that the story needs every character is contains to be complete. And though the movie adaptations of books are almost never as good as the book itself, this movie is phenomenal. It is not only beautifully made, but it's accurate, following the book by its words. Bravo to the author of the book and the writers of the movie.

The fim that made Leo absolutly hate Baz Luhrmann.

I didn't like how they put the rap in the sound track.  I liked the movie, but I certainly didn't love it.

Now, Robert Redford was a handsome Gatsby though!

This movie was so similar to Romeo n Juliet it made me cry T.T

What's the intro song called? The one at the beginning before the thunderstorm scene.

aside from the story..
this film had gorgeous cinematography  
it's a visual masterpiece

Starting this for A level ??

Whats the song in first part of the trailer?

Game for when you watch the movie: take a shot every time gatsby says "old sport"

poor Gatsy...doing all these things for someone that is not worth pursuing...

Sophomores? Anyone?

I just don't understand these kind of movie

Love or hate him, you gotta admit. Baz Lurhmann sure has an eye for beauty

Still confused what its about...

Thumbs up if your reading this for english

I really could feel how intense Daisy's love for Gatsby was. The actress did her character much justice. It's a shame though, that Daisy Buchanan couldn't overcome her self loathing relationship, and her materialistic view on the world.

Is this movie any good?

wasn't the soundtrack supposed to be "will u still love me" by lena del ray?

What was the song at the very beginning

Parker?

My favorite movie! Excellent cast! Well done. Bravo! Superb soundtrack. I can't get enough.

plz I want the full movie

I really hate Daisy more than Tom.

best movie in the world

I have to read the book for school. I hope it's good

HE WAITED FOR THIS BITCH AND SHE DIDNT EVEN CALL FUCK ME UP THIS FILM MAN

Why can't he ever have a happy ending?

This movie just didn't do it for me at all. The story is just not interesting to me. Maybe it's because I was forced to read it. Students should be encouraged to read what they want not forced to read the same damn book as a class. I have never liked any book that I was forced to read. It's like they make you over think it instead of enjoy it. It was written for entertainment not to be tested about and quizzed about over and over again.

One of the best movies I've ever seen! Seriously, it's just so beautiful even though I didn't like the end!

This movie has the worst soundtrack

I watched it in my history class

daisy bitch -_- . I've never been so angry at a character like this before

Why the sountrack rap?....This was jazz...roaring 20's. I turned it off....couldn't watch it.

Absolutely love the film, but the book really is great - Fitzgerald novel is to subtle to be captured fully in a film

if the one who rich as hell like gasby cannot even get his woman, so how the hell on earth a poor guy like me can ?  :c

Best film I've ever watched

this book inspired me as a young man.

I love this movie

Baz Luhrmann had a horrible vision for this film and it turned out to be a disappointment.

I 
Really
Don't 
Get 
It

the song name plz 1:10 to 1:54

anyone here from the harry styles Edit????

the book is so amazing

nice movie

They could do a modern version set in 2019.

Such an underrated movie

The most boring movie I have ever seen

Elon Musk... anyone?

The movie was really great. And Leo did a awesome god portraying Gatsby. Recommend you watch it, bet you'll like it

We also need Tender is the night!

nice movie !

Everybody probably got lung cancer after this movie

Can we just look at this then look at the new ghostbuster trailer. This is nothing short of a majestic work of art.

5

SOON FUCKING HAWT ?

One of the few times that the trailer doesn't do the movie justice. Seriously watch it, it's amazing!!!

Daisy is such a lame character.Almost cried at the end.Masterpiece.

such a captivating movie . with an elegance of it's own . I sure hope to experience another film like "the great Gatsby" again . because I was drown to this world of wonderful charms and different kinds of people who live to  be surfaced again to realty of the touching End

We never read this in any of my English classes, I read it because I wanted to and I absolutely loved it!

I love this Trailer <3

whats the song

Honestly, this was a good anime but I prefer the manga way more.

which is the name of the second song?

Lol I was made to read this for my English lit class, but I enjoyed it, why is everyone complaining?

Such a boring book made into something majestic. Honestly favourite movie

Shes such A BITCH. u know who i am talking about.

the best movie i ever watched
every time left with tears in the eye
Can somebody answer WHY PEOPLE ARE SO MEAN...

the ending makes me so angry every time I watch or think about it. The least daisy could have done or anyone in fact other than nick go to gatsby's funeral and I can't believe she let him take the fall for what she did and she went crawling back to her cheating husband I wish they would've died instead

I hate the ending to this story. I wish Tom and Daisy got what they deserved. I wish Nick wouldn't had let Jay's reputation go down the drain. I cried so much at the end..

0:17 what is that song?

It seems like the Roaring 20s, right after ww1 which devastated Europe, was when the US first became the world's most powerful nation

diasy=cheap whore

hi

I'm making a trailer for my presentation in class because we read the novel and it's hard coming up with ideas with just pictures I need help?

whats the song at the beginning

Só essa música que nada a ver ne pessoal

Amazing movie!

I need to know the name of the first song! Does anyone knows? PLEASE! Gess it's Kanye?

finished the book in school and starting watching the movie today and I just finished the whole movie and loved it!!!
Love Leonardo DiCaprio

Gatsby dies.

And this is why you don't EVER see women doing this love traingle stuff. No woman will EVER do this for a man, well, i retract my comment, it all depends on his wallet.

Everything for love...

This is such a amazing movie! ???

??? ???????????? ????? ???? ????

I watched it bcz of Big B the legend

We are reading this in class right now and there's a ton of people complaining how it's too difficult to read and that it's boring. I don't understand why they think that?? This is one of the most beautiful book to be ever written in my opinion and there is so much meaning behind it. I mean the book is only 8 or 9 chapters so it's not that hard. it's disappointing

Forced to read the book in English. much better then this shit movie tho.

I hate this book :)

This is basically the orgin story of Spider Man. lol

I love the1920s and this book is

I want to see this movie.. it looks very good.

when i die if i go to heaven carey mulligan is gon b my angel.

this movie always reminded me of gatsby from vlogaftercollege :P

I would enjoy the book more if I don't have to do any assignments

What's the name of the song that plays the rest of the way through the trailer?

The best movie ever created, favourite film

0:30 Amitabh Bachan

i wish i could kill Daisy 
God! 
just finished watching the whole movie and internally cringing ??

Leo was amazing

Reading the book now for school and I would love it if I wasn't tired all the time. It's a great book. Not going to watch the movie till done.

This movie looks epic!

Read the book because I wanted to, and I loved it!

The worst film Leo stared in

I hate that they had modern music in it, should've played the music of that time period. Daisy was the typical spoiled self serving social climbing bitch.

LEONARDO DICAPRIO FOR LIFE <3

Watch the thrown bitches

I thought Achochol was banned in 1922? And I thought on the black market it was more expensive.

I just finished the book. Now i REALLY wanna see the movie!!

This film is worth watching, but if you just saw the trailer it could be the best film ever made!!

I haven't seen this movie but it's extremely long and on tv I saw it had 2 and a half stars.. ? is it worth watching? Haha ?

"i drive"

no church in the wild is the most fitting song for this movie

started to read it when I was twelve, needed a dictionary to get passed the first page. perhaps I'll return to it when my vocabulary is a little more developed.

Everything was good from the movie except the songs played, common!  a rap song for a 30s movies

the film was ok not great but Leos performance is brilliant and the soundtrack is also the best thing about the film

Não gosto nada do que está a aqui.

That was the most captivating film I've ever seen! This trailer doesn't do justice!

Great job by Baz Luhrmann.

music of the trailer in minut 0

I am about to read this book for my English class. I have never seen the movie nor read this before. Does anyone recommend just reading the book and watch the movie after I'm done or should I watch the movie beforehand and then read the book?

What's the name of the song

Can someone identify each song in this trailer?

at the end Gatsby dies

For those who haven't read the book or watched the movie. Gatsby gets shot and killed at the end lel

I was "forced" to read this too but I loved it. It was an excellent read & I did find this version of the movie well done.

if someone  asks me about love and confidence or simply why i don't trust people , i'll tell him " watch THE GREAT GATSBY" and you'll understand .

4 years later I'm still like: Daisy, bitch.

Loved this book when I was lil'!

For some reason this movie had a big impact on me and rarely movies make me emotional at all

the bitch didn't even blink coldblodded after all his done for her....

Gatspy is alegend of NewYork?

"so we beat on, boats against the current,borne back ceaselessly into the past" what a damn movie!!!!

Truly this movie is amazing, it really shows you how can love make miracles!!

Mm voice of West Egg

Where can I watch this?

I love the 'blow out the candle' song

how the fuck did i missed this Leo movie

What's the song at the start

the best and my favorite movie

my english teacher forced me to read this fucking book so can someone please give me a brief summary because this trailer makes no sense

??

leo deserved an oscar for this movie

I feel that Paul Newman would have been a great Gatsby

I read this just for fun.

50 shades of grey for the even bigger hipster ;)

SPIDERMAN DID GREAT THIS MOVIE

die baz

This trailer DOES capture the mood of Fitzgerald's book better than the 1974 (?) film version.

Gatsby ,,,, the great Gatsby

As much as i like Leo, I have to say i did not appreciate this adaptation as much as the first. all the effects and glamour took away from the story

As much as i like Leo, I have to say i did not appreciate this adaptation as much as the first. all the effects and glamour took away from the story

whats the bladdy songs??? the one at the start, someone please tell me

LIquors are cheaper and the text book are expensive

hangman

Love this Film <33333

I'm reading the book right now, having never seen any of the movies and tbh the book is really good. Looking forward to seeing this one though

Did anyone read The Great Gatsby by choice? I'm seeing comments from people that have to read it in school and talking about it like it's a chore. 
I love books and reading and wish there were more people that actually enjoyed the book instead of talking about it like some kind of project that they want rid of.

Imagine if Seth Macfarlane had the role of Gatsby

i love how the trailer doesnt spoil a single bit of the movie. and it turned out to be one of the best movies ive seen.  im still confused how leo didnt get an oscar for this play.

a kind like ,,the notebook''.....

Worst ending ever

WON'T YOU WRAP THE NIGHT AROUND ME?? U2 fuck yeah.

Jack White - Love is Blindness

Boo hoo, you were made to read it. 

Grow up kids, it's a really good book and you'll have to do way worse things you hate to do in your life.

What if nick turned into an emo, Jazz dancing, superhero? And said "I'm gonna throw some dirt in your eyes"

I like this trailer for this movie the most because it doesn't talk as much about Beyonce and JayZ nothing against them though.

A great movie with the saddest and ungrateful end except for one person, that's why he is The GREAT GATSBY

"I wish I'd done everything on earth with you"

omg.....this movie though

Nice trailer Old Sport ?

A film about how racist America use to be? lol well it still is.

I saw a different trailer to this? How many are there?

I love the movie the great Gatsby

im on ch.5 rn, and i feel like the trailer spoiled me already.

Junk chick flick. Only reason I came here was to see what outfits these guys are wearing as my friend is having a ''Gatsby birthday'' So all I need is my suit? jesus christ, how original.

i love the word "roaring 20's"

Leo didn't get Oscar for this act ,how can he get a Oscar for revenant ???

loved this movie- I hate daisy with a passion !

C'mon3 Looks oice. rush enter What do you think?

Whats the name of the second song?

1:51 the CGI police should pull all those cars over.

who knows this song?  Please tell me the name!!!!

They're a rotten crowd.. You're worth the whole damn bunch put together

daisy is a typical hot selfish bitch

"the parties were biggeeerr "

A beautiful little fool

Amitabh Bachchan fans reply and give a thumbs up here ?

Best movie,worst end!

No bad bitches in dis movie. I ain't watching

two words Nickolai Tesla

ugh I can't think of the song title at the beginning

Shadows of Evil

1920 are clasified as?? like the 50, 60, 70, 80, 90?

Fuck you Daisy!

we're reading the great Gatsby.

i just can't figure out what this story wants to tell us. love?money?or ,,,,,

he wears suspenders  1:24.... it reminds me of jack dawson

think this movie is quite similar to the titanic? richness, the unfortunate love, a jealous husband, the beautiful breathtaking love between the couple and at the end of the film Leonardo die... as always (in romeo and juliet too)

the most boring movie ever...

song at the start?

many Japanese translations and i read two of them including Haruki Murakami's one.
he says it's not enough that you understand english(like normal online articles) to read the original book of The Great Gatsby, so my goal is to understand it in english. a long way.

i meant this is his sister

im reading this book in ela and i thought nick was cuter but im about to finish the book its a great book and the Wilson died i t was so sad ...btw im a girl

To think this movie came out 3 years ago...damn...

anyone watched this movie and cried at the end?

definitly the best drama ever

The beginning music just reminds me of Mcgregor vs Aldo.

There is 1920 thumbs down

Her voice is full of money

I wasnt forced to read this by my english teacher. 
Jeje

Im only here because my english teacher made me read this

favorite movie

I read this in 6th grade and liked it...

I hate you daisy

What has the film to do with the American dream ?? Please answer :)

Lots of people seem to say that the movie wasn't very good but I enjoyed it a lot. The acting was overall great in my opinion and the setting was very intriguing. There were changes but nothing major enough change the story itself. Overall good interpretation of the book.

The original Great Gatsby movie made in 1974 is wonderful and so sad and I love?

a phenomenal trailer but the movie wasn't to impressive sadly.

anyone know the song in the beginning?? please help me

Honestly this movie was't that great it didn't pull me in like the wolf of wall street which in many ways can be compared to this. The actors were really the only thing keeping me going through the movie as it just never captivated me though it was a entertaining plot enough to keep me through the whole movie.

What's the name of the last song?

I can't believe people actually think this was a good movie

BUT CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE UNDERLYING FEELINGS NICK HAS FOR GATSBY?!?! THE UNDERLYING GAY FEELINGS?!?! NATSBY IS A REAL THING I S2G

Although the trailer does stay true to what I read in the book, I do not think this is a very good trailer. I love the movie, one of the most beautifully filmed ones I've ever seen and the book is amazing BUT I still hate you Daisy!

Overall great movie, the only problem I had with it was the use of Rap/hip hop music in the first half or so of the movie.  Other then that this is one of the best book to movie adaptions I have ever seen.

she is a hooker

Spoiler Alert.Daisy I HATE YOU!

Whats the last song that plays in the trailer Called??

Gatsby was basically retard who was after some dumb money greedy whore and got himself killed in process. Good for genepool. 


And yes she was whore who slept with gatsby like it was nothing. Also this daisy was *beep* retard too because his husband slept with other women and she is fine with it. She is typical feminist whore you see these days who lacks anykind of braincells and empathy. 

And then there is this pathetic idiot/narrator who follows gatsby like slave making all kinds of favours to him and don't have any life of his own. I wouldn't be suprised if he was gay and had hard on for gatsby.

The car at 1:51 is one of the fakest things I've ever seen.

This movie fricken sucks dont watch it

Hi anyone know what's the name of the intro soundtrack? 

this movie is certainly a great integration of beautiful word, music and image

What is this movie about?

good movies often have lousy trailers

but however this movie is one of the best i had ever seen up till date. i had always known Leonardo to be such an outstanding, handsome and bountifully blessed and talented star

even so Daisy should have been perceptive by telling either her cousin or Jay who she really wanna be with. gush girls are sometime a wicked and despicable slots.

this movie has really inspired and change me completely., that is my mentality towards the opposite sex. just take a look at how Daisy and Tom trampled into Gatsby's life with their vast carelessness and Gatsby didn't see that coming. if only all he desired was to hold Daisy for a only for moment longer, he wouldn't have suffered imminent death. that is to say never you trust women Even when you love them from the depths of your heart like Jay did

F You Daisy!

this trailer is so much better than the film turned out to be.

BEST MOVIE EVER....

This is like the 50 Shades of grey  without the sex parts.

Underrated movie.

He is half german and half italian. No oscar for this scum.

I had to read this novel the summer before my junior year in high school. I hated it and barely finished. But my teacher absolutely LOVED this book, so we (and I am not exaggerating) spent the first nine weeks of school analyzing this short novel. We looked into all this novel's different themes, symbols, allusions, etc. But we also researched F. Scott Fitzgerald's life and the culture of the 1920s. By the time we took that final test over The Great Gatsby, I could truly appreciate why this novel is so highly regarded. Now, years later, I find all new things to appreciate about The Great Gatsby. For instance, now that I have read more, I can see how truly brilliant and superior Fitzgerald's prose is compared to almost every other author I have read. That man could write.
I guess what I am trying to say is that this is a brilliant book, but it could seem boring if you are too young to appreciate it, not an avid book reader, or do not have a teacher that can spend the time needed to show you how outstanding this novel is. Sadly, many high schoolers fit all three of these criteria, so this masterpiece is seen as another boring book that school forces them to read, and that is sad.

I love this movie. I read the book in high school.

DiCaprio by far the best actor! God bless you!

Can someone explain to me why didn't nick tell daisy the truth about Myrtle when he and Tom go to the suite (where Tom breaks Myrtle's nose). Daisy is Nick's cousin, didn't he feel bad that her cousin's husband is cheating on her; and he (Nick) ought to tell her?

Just realized Jason Clarke played Wilson in this movie.

This is one of the best edited trailers I've ever seen.

anyone else forced to read this by their english teacher?

Jay Z?

dont get it... whats so special about this movie?

our english teacher also made us read this freaking book ..and all in English (I live in germany) and as it isn't my native language it was often very hard to understand ..I'm not yet done with the book ..and I actually think I won't read it any further instead watch the movie ..screw Fitzgerald and his poetic way of writing

It is still hard to believe that some people hated this film.

What's the song in the beginning

What song is at the beginning?

who came here because of Matthew Santoro

Just read the book, the trailer seems like a fair enough representation of what I read. Glad to see the actress got Daisy's voice right, since it was such a huge part of her description.



what is great about great gatsby?

He desverves an Óscar!

Amitabh Bacchan..

watching the trailer in 2015! ?v?

This is what A MEGA MOVIE looks like...

What is so amazing about this story?

this movie was beautiful ! as well as the book

This movie is so good!

That moment, when you are more obsessed with trailer than with the movie itself.

Why does trailer #1 says 'This Christmas' and trailer #2 says 'This Summer'?

What a sad story

what is the name of the song that is playing in the trailer??????

ahahahahahaha when i watched it i wondered why it was kinda weird, like the music and toby maguire (i love toby but i cant take him seriously because of spiderman heh) and then i realized baz directed this. ah. fond memories of laughing at romeo + juliet and moulin rouge. i love those movies.

Well made movie they must of spent a fortune on the making of the movie give Leo a oscar

Hands down the best movie i've ever watched<3

This trailer is as good as your English teacher said the book was.

The actual movie was as good as the book really is; that is, bad.

Usually remade movies don't beat the originals, but this one did!

I have to admit, this was one of the best movies I've seen in my entire life. I'm saying it from the view of a 19 year old girl,who Is obsessed with different genres of movies, and is about to take Film Production course in Uni. Everything in the movie was pretty much magical, and it seems it was done only by real professionals that took their job to heart. The soundtracks happened to,be my favourite songs, Lana del ray,and even the XX.. remarkable artists. The movie had great Film effects, and not to mention the amazing quality of the picture..  You wont definitely regret watching this movie, and I'm pretty sure that you will be shocked by the end of the movie.. It was one of the only movies that made me utterly anxious and excited ,and yet so sad and heartbroken. it will make you question yourselfs..about things in life you never though mattered. This is masterpiece, Leonardo and Toby portrayed their roles brilliantly ,Respect to the actors and everyone who worked to deliver this movie to all the viewers out there.:)

the best movie I want more movies like this ? watched it like 7 or more times

Best movie ever, the book is great too

Love is blindness! Well, true Dat.

When life was a party 100 years ago… 

Before the financial crisis, 

Obama listen to me!

"The great Gatsby" is the best movie I have ever seen!!The novel and the movie are great! everyone who worked in this movie deserves an oscar!!?

Everyone is talking about how Daisy and Tom screwed over Gatsby. Gatsby was not screwed over by anyone. He was blinded by love and forgot that Daisy was a married women with a child. If he opened his eyes a little bit, he would have seen that Daisy still loves Tom. But the reality of it is that everyone in this story screwed over Nick Carraway. He was just a pawn they used as it pleased them. No one cared about him or his opinions. Gatsby befriended him to get closer to Daisy; Daisy was close to him because he knew Gatsby; Tom befriended him so he can have someone he can go out and party with and show his superiority. Nick was the true gentleman that put others before himself. He was the only man that worried about others even after their death. I guess it goes to show that true kindness goes unnoticed more often than not.
P.S. Great movie and acting by the way.

Everyone seems to love this movie. I paused it 30 minutes in now just to comment that the first 30 minute of the movie sucks ass and you only see toby the gay doing stuff that doesnt need to be in the movie. It takes 30 minutes before you even see gatsby like wtf??

My mum kissed Jason Clarke (the guy at 2:08 and 2:05) on the stairs of the Sydney opera house 20 years ago

To everyone mad that he doesn't have an Oscar, neither does Will Smith and plenty other actors. 

a >200 pp novel about unrequited love...beautifully written & realized...

Idk I always thought jay gatsby was far more aggressive and outgoing in comparison to the book where he seems very timid and shy 

This was a great movie old sport 

I LOVE Baz Lurhmann's directing style, and the way he can depict any period in time on-screen with brilliance and somehow modernise it so it is more appealing to contemporary audience, whilst simultaneously making a bold and artistic statement. 

I saw this movie with my Mum when it came out in theatres, who was skeptical about the use of modern music and the casting choice of Leonardo DiCaprio (my absolute favourite actor). By the end, she was in tears, in love with the film. We ended up seeing it again another two times. 

Anyone who has never seen this should definitely give it a chance. Lurhmann took a risk with this magnificent piece of American literature, but that risk sure paid off. :)

Saw it English class and then saw multiple times after that! Great movie! Leonardo dicaprio deserves more for his amazing and memorable roles ???

for the first 16 seconds, anyone know the song?

SPOILERS AHEAD!!!






Daisy didn't deserve Gatsby's love. After he met her, he did everything for her. He spent his last breath saying her name, and she didn't even call him. And in all the selfishness and unjustness of her deed, she didn't even have the decency to send a flower to his funeral.

every trailer spoils way to much, that is not good.

What's the first soundtrack of this trailer?

This book goes down in history as "the book my english teacher made me read"

I'm happy to see Spiderman and Jack Dawson in a movie. I heard they're best friends in real life.

I totally loved this movie. One of my favs def.

I STILL love this movie :)

Such a tragic love story 

The soundrack is utter shit.

i love leonardo dicaprio, the way he acts, the way he smiles, he is perfect i cant

Wow... Amitabh Bachan is in this..

This just in, Peter Parker is -Spiderman- Nick Carraway...

boring as hell, don't waste your time

THE GREAT HOWARD HUGHES :)

Fitzgerald and Stone put dots on Jim Morrison's reputation and smeared his life style which couldn't convince me.

No matter how out standing he was, this movie pulled him down!

Best movie EVER. Leonardo should have win many oscars for this.

I love the magical spirit of this movie.

What song is this?

I really really want to kill Tom and Daisy!!?

This movie was fantastic!

1:13 gives me chills...poor Jay

Great trailer 

This movie was beautifully done. I've always wondered what Fitzgerald would think if he saw this. He died thinking that his book was a flop.

Great movie to be watched

Nick Carraway was seriously miscast in this movie. Not like the book at all :(

this has got to be my favorite movie

How does this motherfucker NOT have an Oscar… played in so many memorable movies, and STILL no award. Unreal!

Is it like Romeo + Juliet? I really did not like that film...

Is this like Romeo + Juliet? Because I hated how ridiculous and over the top that film was...

i fking hate maguire... bleh

Why do people say Leo looks fat in this movie

Daisy was such a bitch!

i think this is one of the best movies i have ever seen!

Everyone wants to know what gatsby did for a living.... Truth is he was part of a pyramid scheme ?

I watched the movie before reading the book and let me tell you my perspective is very different. I know it doesn't always follow the book (like any other film anyways) but I can still appreciate some of the accuracy and art behind it. Hell, there were a bunch of quotations I could show you right in the pages of the book itself that were said in this film. Really, I think all they really did was center the conflict between Tom, Daisy and Gatsby, which ended up changing some stuff. 

Forever my favorite movie?

This trailer is better than the actual movie lol

Moral of the story? 

Even when you have one of the most invincible men in the country and he believes that he can relive the past... leave it to the female companion to shatter those dreams, or green lights across the river because if theres one thing women never fail to do; that's... Fuck shit up. 



Lmao, i'm only joking of course... But seriously O.O 

kk pplsw

Really want to see this! Need to finish the book first though

Does anyone know what the song in the beginning is??

nice movie, awful soundtrack.

Reading the book right now, so I thought it was nice to imagine some faces(as the book isn't really doing it for me) BUT why this music? It plays the in 1920's for god's sake, there are hundreds of appropriate super amazing artists from that period. Absolutely horrible decision.

Oscar worthy.

Wow fucking spoiler alerts in your comments you fucking assholes 

Hey, uh, what are the songs used in the trailer?

la musica es horrible 

This movie sucked ass, Leo was great but it wasn't enough to save this piling steaming shit of a movie.

art deco

Every character in this sucked so bad. 

horrible movie

I absolutely loved this movie I think Leo and Toby did great even after reading the book this is one of my favorite movies I just wanna smack daisy tho.

Sorry, I have no interest in seeing the movie!
But I would like to re-read the book!

When wealth is involved the honest love disappears...Daisy is simply a woman child who is obsessed with money and status a match with Tom...Gatsby loved the the idea she represented which was beauty and wealth that was a complete in his dream yet she desired him but couldn't risk it as he bought new money while Tom had the old money...love was never there. Gatsby was obsessed with her which is why whatever he offered was related to wealth as he naively thought that would convince her to be his trophy wife. Daisy had so many flaws yet Gatsby was blind to it...Obsession is a scary thing

I LOVE THIS MOVIE?

fuck her right in the pussy

This is a great story defamatory read the book and watch the movie

in my history 110 class we talked about the 1920's affluence "Conspicuous Consumptions". Conspicuous consumptions is the spending of money on luxury goods and services to show economic power. The concept of conspicuous consumption is greatly exemplified in this movie by all the characters having very luxurious houses and goods. 

I love Leonardo Dicaprio so much, I mean it's not just his looks, it's like the way that he walks into the room. Oh my goshhh I wish I could meet him...

This was such a beautiful movie! My favourite movie to be honest. 

this will always be my favorite soundtrack/movie. honestly I will never get tired of this movie. baz luhrman is honestly a genius

And from Daisy not even a flower ?

Am I the only person who finds it ironic that the wife(Daisy) killed the mistress (Myrtle)?

very nice movie & very heart touching. One should watch this. The man who had nothing but for his true love he waited till end of the phone call & by seeing the green light....

Ending was fucking terrible guy, needs to be more chill and stuff. I think Gatsby shouldv'e killed Tom dude.

Fuck you Daisy.

One of the best movies I've ever seen! 

classic baz luhrmann movie... basically made for an epic trailer... don´t expect the movie to be the same... especially not if you have read the book !!

the soundtrack is on point! love it sooo much

Song?

Movie was horrible and didn't follow the book. Daisy is a dumb whore who should be burned at the stake.

song name ? dudududud srsly doe ?

Read the book at school loved both the book and movie the only book in highschool that I actually liked....lol

give this guy a fucking oscar please !

Can someone answer me this
Is the movie and the book the same thing , i mean the plot?

Daisy... Hm...

DAISY ME ROLLIN', THEY HATIN'

Great movie 

Leo looks just as he did when he was young during Titanic. Just a little weight gain and facial hair. He doesn't age and is such a wonderful actor. 

Bad trailer, good movie

Their dancing scene is Titanic 2.0

It was very sad, you know, how Gatsby was one of the wealthiest men in the world, and he wanted to give everything to Daisy, he wanted her to have everything, because he loved her, but never got her. ?

Can u believe everything he did was for her.. just amazing but all crashed down to him die ing in the end

The issue I had reading the book was how vague every thing in it was, which would have been fine had I honestly known what era it was meant to be placed it. I'll admit I had a huge ignorance of the night life and life style someone like this may have had in 1920's new york (I was able to assume Gatsby probably made his money in Alcohol purely based on the untouchables film admittedly). I nearly feel had I watched the film first I'd have enjoyed the book more.

What is the name of song in first 10 seconds ?

I was so mad at daisy?

WHAT IS THE NAME OF 2 SONG ???

Im mad about DiCaprio, most of his acting were magnificent, I really like these guy. But under the circumstances, there is a bit things I dont really like about him and certainly I hope this movie is not the movie that I mean. So what do you guys reckons, is it worth of watching? any opinions are very much appreciated.

This is one of those movies that seems to be really good when u watch the trailer, but it actually sucks, at least the photography and soundtrack(away from the movie) is good that's all I can say, but the movie itself is soo booring.

In spite of the overdone CGI...first movie I can honestly say was better than the book.

Its like a parody trailer, yet its not...

Can someone tell me how close this movie is to the book? I need to read the book for school and don't know if I should watch the movie first or read the book?

what is the song called at the very start? please reply...

What is name of first ?song 

The Great Gatsby > The Wolf of the Wall Street.?

The Great Gatsby > The Wolf of the Wall Street.

Is it just me or does anyone else notice that Leonardo DIES at the end of all his movies that involve romance.

I loved the movie, it creates a time bridge that constantly takes us back and forth in time, inward and outward of ourselves. Constantly reminding  us of the mistakes, misfortunes, the troubles, the madness we put ourselves through to find that green light.. It brings out the weakness of human character, how we just stand there when things fall apart. How we amazingly adapt and fail to adapt, relive our errors and make egregious ones countlessly in our lives and never learn or probably are never meant to learn.... Classic tragedy.. Baz  is great, Leo is amazing.. He is now above and beyond an Oscar.. 

MY MOST FAVORITE MOVIE

actually i can't get the meaning of this movie but still love it and burst into tear everytime i watch it

Why the fuck didn't she even attend the funeral when SHE WAS THE ONE  WHO WAS DRIVING?!!?!! BITCH!!! all he had done for her *sob* all that love! *sob sob*  

In my English class we read the book first then at the middle of the book we watched the movie on rainy days . Really nice to enjoy it in rainy days

name of the first song please

What a man, what a movie. Di Caprio deserves multiple Oscars for his performances so far. 

I freaking love this movie!

Movie. Is Amazing.

Thank you Sean Carney for putting my thoughts in words! This movie was beyond amazing! They put modern music to give the audience a connection of their (the movie's) time era and ours.  It's quite hard to relate or understand a movie about or from a different time era when you have no connections to it.

Someone please tell me that great music...NOW...please

This movie wasn't that bad, The only bad part of it is the music and the dialog. It was annoying these guys really didn't pause in any conversations, it was like they were reading off scripts, Didn't feel like a real conversation was happening most of the time in these scenes. And the character adaption wasn't really presented well at all...... BUT LEONARDO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! as Gatsby, was outstanding! I saw Gatsby's insecurity's, faith in being with Daisy, his obsession in making every moment with her perfect, and also his tragic downfall.  All in Leo :). I say he's better then the Jay Gatsby from the 1974 version. But in that movie all the other characters were waaaay better. If they fixed the acting and modern music a bit more... then it would really be a GREAT movie. But for what it is , not really all that bad. It kinda capture the book pretty good. I reminded me of alot of things .... dreams are possible , but just make sure their possible to accomplish. Also, everyone has a green light that they want closer themselves as well, Even in this non fiction story... taught me never stop believing in what is most precious too and you might meet the most greatest person ever !.

I just finished reading the book today for high school get to watch movie next week cant wait book was really good I think.

This movie was awesome, the ending made me so sad 

Daisy is a bitch

STOP crapping on the music choices here okay. Keep your idiotic comments to yourself, when you're obviously miss the whole point of it. The music is used to connect the period to modern day. Of course we are in the modern times but we have to remember that class is still a big part of today's society. Also I think that the use of the music, shows that this particular era was way ahead of itself. Everything move so quickly that no one had a chance to stop and think about what was happening in the there and now. Director Luhrmann has obviously used this music so that the audience would feel more connected with the movie and appreciate the era for what it was. It also evoked an experience of Gatsby's lavish parties to the 'modern audience'. So while I do agree that some of the song choices to be adapted were a little out there and unfitting. Just accept things for what they are; they are there for a purpose and take a chill pill yeah.   

I just wana fucking punch daisy and Tom with a spike bat !

ugly flappers.

Once I saw the wideshot pan I knew it was a lurhman film

i could watch Dicapro sit in a chair for hours on end and still rate it 5/5 got too much love for that lad

rennts zirkus rennts

everyone complaining about the music choice is proving exactly why it was used. when we today hear jazz, we think of an old fashioned smoky jazz club, which is a nice bit of nostalgia but not the "feel" the movie or book was going for. try to remember that the great gatsby was written in the 1920s, it was a reflection of modern times, not a look back in the past, which makes it NOT a period piece. Fitzgerald wasn't trying to evoke a "this is the 1920s" feeling, he was evoking a "this is the crazy, modern, fast paced, party obsessed world today's rich are living in" feeling. when people of the 1920s heard jazz, it was provocative and risqué. it inspired young people to dance and go a little crazy. it pissed off the older people, the majority of whom thought it was annoying and nonsensical and vapid, which is exactly the reactions people have to today's pop and hip hop. the creators of the movie wanted to capture THAT feeling, the one that played a much larger role in the story than jazz's "the 1920s really sounded like this!" would have 

Aww Baz Luhrmann... You've done it again..!! #Congratulations
Although (personally) I'd choose MoulinRouge any day... Xx

Fucking hate that they took out the scene with Gatsby's father in this

whats the song at the beginning of this trailer

I love this movie ?

Gatsby is total cr4p in my opinion, the movie at least. The spiderman guy was in it, the movie was half ruined. Then the dull plot ruined the remaining half. (I said opinion)

S1...if u never read another book in ur life...read The Great Gatsby. Don't just watch the movie, Jay Gatsby lol. The connections r startling

Am I the only one who thinks this version was much better than the Redford one?

Well i'm ignoring all your bad comments cause this is my favorite film! I thought it was amazing!

movie of the year

This is the most confusing and boring trailer I have ever seen for a movie. WHy in the world would they even want to bring it to the big screen. 

Spoiler here*
I was so annoyed when I read this book - I read it on a kindle, and somehow swiped too many pages at once, I was just reading the part where Gatsby goes off to the swimming pool, and then suddenly Nick's saying down the phone, this isn't Gatsby, Gatsby's dead. well thanks for telling me that!

One of my favourite movies, and one of my favourite books. The ending was so sad, I think it was the only time a movie ever brought tears to my eyes. Really wanted to cuddle Nick and Gatsby throughout the whole film (and punch Daisy).
Though I must say the trailer is rather shit compared to the movie,

after reading twenties girl by sophie kinsella i really just feel like watching this

This movie is damn retarded it completely diminishes all the literature values in the original book of The Great Gatsby. This is not The Great Gatsby, this is more like The Hollywood Gatsby

Sehr guter film

This movie was good i liked it, but there's a 1974 version that i appreciated more, it showed a deeper connection between the characters. The only problem i had was with the modern music in the 1920s settings only in this day and age they'll put kanye in a movie like this...smh

I finally realized why I love this movie so much. Its not about the story, its the visuals, the colors, the image of the film. They are just so perfect. What an enjoyable 2 hours I have had. If you love movies you must watch this one. Movies are not books, they are meant to be watched.

RIP Nick Carraway

Honestly if you've read the book then you'd probably hate the movie. Yes the cinematography(????) was beautiful, the music was awesome and the cast would have been perfect, but the directing was shitty and the film didn't capture at all the essence of Fitzgerald's novel. All jazz no substance, I suppose. 

After the book, the 1974 version film, and this version, all I can say is, "what a waste." He did so much so quickly only to throw it all away over an empty headed little narcissist.

I've read the book twice and I watched the DVD of this version yesterday. I didn't like the film very much. It was too visually exaggerated and over acted, in fact it felt like I was watching a cartoon of the book rather than a film about it. It did stick more to the storyline and dialogue of the book than the 74 version and that for me was its only strong point. Scott Fitzgerald was a brilliant novelist and his novels reflected real life in the US of the 20's, mixing contemporary gangsta style music with Jazz didn't work well and made the film seem inauthentic.
 The book is a very deep narrative about desire , loss and illusion and should be given the respect it deserves. Perhaps one day someone will make a film that really respects this book and the genius of the author .

Oh Gatsby! A great movie

I'm tired of the bad comments about this movie, especially pertaining to the music. If you don't understand why this music was used, then you do not understand film styles. It is used many times in movies intentionally.. Look at Quentin Tarantino's Django. It was the same exact concept. It adds something to the film and is a certain style that actually works very well with this film.

Tobey Maguire is fucking hot.

if you like drama
if you like unusual movies 
if you can easily understand movies 
if it's okay with you that it's not a fantasy movie where everything goes how you want it to 
then you will enjoy this movie for sure !!!!

leonardo never disappoints me , none of his movies i found bad , like NONE!!

first?

Thumbs up if you would fuck the daisy !!...

IF YOU WANT TO HEAR REAL 1920s MUSIC SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL?

I LOVE THAT MOVIE!!! Even though its sad XC

I loved this movie it was really great

so unpredictable way story of movie,i basically unlike sad ending movie but it really comparable with title 'Great' Gatsby.. and Leo really great in play role as that great. How can it be that man darkeyes although his wife dead, without seek truth, killed him(maybe truth wont revealed because Gatsby keep it for himself to protect woman she love?) It similar with Titanic? boat crush because who work is see,spy them. And that woman crush because think it is that woman husband's car.Suck part. And i guess the woman's husband ask him will paid too maybe although not in story.From Toby's mouth story?.In contraversion of how life should run, it gave educate to most teen adult, and see it bring tears ,make speechless too..

so unpredictable way story of movie,i basically unlike sad ending movie but it really comparable with title 'Great' Gatsby.. and Leo really great in play role as that great. How can it be that man darkeyes although his wife dead, without seek truth, killed him(maybe truth wont revealed because Gatsby keep it for himself to protect woman she love?) It similar with Titanic? boat crush because who work is see,spy them. And that woman crush because think it is that woman husband's car.Suck part. And i guess the woman's husband ask him will paid too maybe although not in story.From Toby's mouth story?.In contraversion of how life should run, it gave educate to most teen adult, and see it bring tears ,make speechless too..

I know there are billions of homo sapiens in this world but seriously, am I the only one who didn't give a tuppenny fuck about the soundtrack? Sure, it's nice to have good music like in the Dark Knight trilogy but for the most part, I couldn't care less about it. Hell, No Country For Old Men had little to no background music and it's one of my favorite movies of all time. Sure, you might argue about it from an anachronistic point of view but I actually thought the music blended well with the scenes, especially in the one where everyone gets high. The music is supposed to be in congruence with the modern style the movie is going with. 

I liked it, but when I read the book before watching the movie, it just shouldn't have been made. It is nearly impossible to capture the metaphors, and the great explanation of the comparison of gatspys dream to the American dream. But that's just my opinion. Let me know what you think

Amitabh!

OMG, ITS SPIDER MAN

It seems that this trailer celebrates what the book reprehends. Taken into account this and the critics' response for the movie, i am glad i decided to never watch it.

great movie & I loved the music :)

Amazing...

Amazing...

ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME! :-) the musics are all beautiful though it doesnt goes to 1920s theme but still beautiful :-)

i watched the movie yesterday night and it was amazing!! 

Wolf of Wall Street is my favourite movie

Best movie ever. 

Want to see the movie so bad just have to finish reading the book 

Amazing movie. Wow Leonardo Di Caprio proves once again that he is the greatest actor alive.

I’m only in the first 20 minutes . But this is a Fukn  gre  a t  mo vie .

Man this movie sucks.

Spiderman!

Spoiler. The great gatsby is Andrew Ryan 

I want kill the Director went i watch to The End ! 


Am I the only one who found this movie kind of trivial?

Good movie, shit music.

This film taught us a really important message, you can't re-live the past. 

My favorite movie

If someone looked for a deep meaningfull movie, like Inception, ronnie darko, fight club etc. and came here, don't bother. Its all style and art. No substance.

Ai guyz this movie it really fantastic movie in da wrld i hvnt c any movie better thn ths one ai it rock

Jay Gatsby is not an easy character to portray... I can see Leonardo DiCarpio try very hard on that but there's a certain things that he failed to portray. Daisy Buchanan also is very hard to portray like the sense of emptiness, vacuous is missing in the film. I will only give this film 3 out of 5.

The end of this movie teared my soul apart.I seriously can't believe Daisy went away like nothing had happened.If someone loved me like Jay Gatsby loved Daisy I would never EVER let that person go.Lovely movie and seriously,just give this man a fucking Oscar already!

I like how the movie has all the right actors... 

Dicaprio, best actor.

Spiderman

THIS MOVIE WAS COMPLETE SHIT!!!!! waste of 2 hours!!

Great movie. 

I fucking hate Daisy as she left with her husband, pretending that nothing happened. Escaping from reality. I feel sorry for Jay Gatsby.

Never heard about this movie . :v . but one of my friend play this and I was very impressed ! *o* . but the ending was sad :/ 

A gloriously beautiful trailer, yet a simply good movie.

This movie is great! I really like the acting,music,hairstyles that are trending at this time. Its just a sad ending where gatsby died and nick was the only one he only had.  But nonetheless ,leo did a good job on being gatsby. Would give it a 9 out of 10

Wonderful trailer, amazing movie and a very faithful adaptation to the book.

great book, ok movie( as that always goes). i am a 25 year old man that found the soundtrack for this movie pretty despicable. this takes place in 1925. j-z you fucked the pooch. none of that music had any part in popular music in 1925. such bullshit. un-tss un-tss un-tss. FUCK YOU JAY-Z FOR RUINING A CLASSIC WITH YOU LAZY POP "MUSIC"- no seriously fuck you. you sheeples keep taking your medicine and give all of these talentless fucks all of your money. "hunnit-dolla-bill-rill"-you're a true scholar ya fuckin jit

MIASTO 44! (Music from the Trailer) Can't wait for that movie <3

Osn ,,, it's agreat movie

What is the name of the song? 

Awsem movie and awsem performance

I watched this movie but i fell asleep 30 minutes before the end. I thought it was endless. how long was the movie exactly?

I love this movie so much :')

boring movie >_> this movie made more then the wolf on wall street...

Great Movie. A brilliant rewrite of "The Glass Menagerie" by Tennessi Williams with Gatsby impersonating Laoura. It was quite a surprise that nobody noticed that :)

I LOVED this movie 

it was an alright movie old sport

Great trailer. Boring movie.

Movies with Leonardo DiCaprio are all so damn good!

LEO DIES IN EVERY FREAKIN MOVIE!!!!!!

I love always love Leonardo DiCaprio, even when he is not young and beautiful

Im only fifteen yrs old and I have no complain for this movie, It is pure perfection. Old sport.

What's the song at 1:12? :)

He knew his mind would never again be free to romp like the mind of God.

Love,love,love <3

Big.b

Doesn't look very historically accurate. Costumes, scenery, parties all look wildly exaggerated. The cloths are all wrong too and well as the music.

Hell of a Movie , you might even call it a master piece 9.5 / 10 very nice work

Spoiler alert: the soundtrack is SHIT.

I´ve read the book twice , have seen this movie like four times, and old one just once and i have to say the story of The Great Gatsby is one of the most impressive I´ve ever seen in my life . 

When Leo died in Titanic I laughed, when he died in Blood Diamond I sobbed, and when he died in this I cried. And yet no Oscar... Fuck the Academy!

Book is better 

Preferred the film over the book. 

I don't get the film, anyone can write this movie, I'm so confused, what a waste of my time 

Best <3

Leo's acting was brilliant, as always.

song 0:06 plz

best quotes in this movie ''i rather not be the polo player'' and ''SHUTUP SHUTUP SHUTUP SHUTUP!!!!''

great movie

Any movie you're forced to own sucks. Too bad the team sucks at marketing.

anyone recommend the book? Is it as good as the movie?

JUST FINISHED IT...I AM MORE THAN IMPRESSED WITH THIS MOVIE OMFG OMFG IT WAS FRIKKIN AMAZING I RECCOMEND IT TO ANYONE..well it's a romance but it's pretty tragic but I swear it was just wonderful and utterly thought provoking. Gonna go read the book now!!

There is one major flaw with this film that gives it minus points: It is incredibly stupid and mind-boggling that the makers of the film decided to use contemporary music in a story that takes place in the 1920s! If they wanted to appeal to a modern audience, they should have just modernized the entire story to take place in the 2000s instead of making the film blatantly anachronistic. The club and hip-hop music is a major insult to the spirit of the book and is very distracting.

Another flaw is that the film is very flashy and full of gaudy colours and fast cuts seemingly geared towards viewers with short attention spans. This destroys the soul of the source novel and doesn't do justice to an otherwise beautiful literary work.

This is too bad because otherwise the film was decent and could have been much better without these major flaws. What were the producers and director thinking?

Jack White-Love is Blindness

wtf is this about

There was something strangely disturbing about this film, in a good way. 

Saw the movie and it have me the chills watching this

Movie critics are the worst.

GAY ACTOR.

great movie!!! i freakin cried! if u read the book , youll be amazed how close the movie is to the book

What annoyed me the most about Luhrman's Great Gatsby was the fact that has so many good things going for it, yet still ends up being ultimately hollow.

Mikey Mike Mikey pretty tough talk for an award winning filmmaker like baz. To me, the acting, cinematography, and colour mixing was flawless. The film takes the novels metaphors and translates them literally, which was quite brilliant. The quick edits were just luhrmans style, just because a movie is quickly paced doesn't make it a childish movie, only an immature high school student would say something stubborn like that

filim is boring. takes too much and does not make sense. Completely lost time

Great movie :D
Didn`t expect a squat, haven`t read the book, love all kind of music, love the 1920`s, nuf said!

Book > Movie

I love this movie I give it a 100 out of 10 the modern music just makes it sound superb

We used to watch this trailer over and over in college! We studied the book but the films release had been postponed... still makes me exited!!!

LOL spiderman is here! better watch this

This trailer is seriously amazing and very well made. The movie itself wasn't that good, sadly.

i knew that Daisy bitch was a mistake since day one...

Loved the movie! And the OST for this film is A+ Tbh I personally love how they twisted it and put modern music to try and recreate the 20s feel so that the viewers can relate to it with our time and make it more alluring - to have that vibe like our clubs do nowadays, because in a way that's what the dances felt like then.

http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00IXX9B2E
the book 

Song?? 

How tf did 1922 Long Island get 2014 house music!?!

Wow I came into this film with the wrong impression. I thought it was a serious film, but it's aimed a teenagers. Bright colours, awful music that will go out of date faster than milk in the sun, overly fast editing for individuals with the attention span of a golden fish, overacting and forced lines "old sport", list goes on.

They should say on the poster "finished High School? Then fuck off, it's not for you."

Now that's what you call a trailer! 

The GREAT MOVIE.

Movie was really Great...Liked it

This Movie is AWESOME!!! Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire fits on their roles.  The chemistry between the film’s male leads glowers as instances of pivotal stronghold for the story. It was amazing and spectacular!  I love the book and the movie makes it a vision :) 

I give it 9.9/10

I watched this movie with everyone in my Junior class in high school. I could have enjoyed it if not for everyone being so immature. Every time Gatsby said "Old sport" every shithead in the auditorium immediately hollers out "Old sport!!!!" It was funny the first few times, but it pissed me off after 30 times of that crap. The modern music mixed in with the old time period just did not work. And somehow, even with all the craziness and cool visuals, the whole movie just felt really empty.

What song is playing in the beginning?

I really like Tobey Maguire and his role in this movie, 

1st song is Kanye West & Jay Z - No Church in the Wild

ipak cu prvo knjigu da procitam

day la mot bo phim tuyet voi nhat toi tung xem

Deisy puta interesada...

Best movie i ever watched ! 

somebody knows what music is playing in the beginning ?

I don't know why some people think tobey Maguire cant act... I think hes great if you've seen Pleasantville and brothers you know what I mean but he was great in this to

Now you all have seen Spider-Man in this movie.

The movie was amazing and so sad at the end!!! T_T and I want to beat the shit out of Daisy for being a fucking 2 sided whore! You don't do that to Leonardo dammit! great movie anyway 

I didn't understand the book when I read it and even when I watched the older version of it. But after watching this one, I actually understand the book, and I just love it when Gatsby looks at Daisy. The way he looks at her shows so much love that I bet every girl would want her man to look at her that way. On another note, I do hate Daisy. 

This movie is a life lesson peeps. Never get involved with a rather otherwise occupied woman, It always ends up this way. My buddy is hurting like hell and I thought of this movie, LOL
though my sweet buddy is crying. Luckily for him, he did not have to die from it like Leo did. Some women are dangerous, very dangerous, watch out guys. They switch sides like the wind. BEWARE!!

only watched this movie for peter parker WE WANT A NEW SPIDERMAN TOBY

I liked this movie. Watched it two times

I still havent seen this movie but i will for TOBEYY

i hate Daisy

DONT READ IF NOT WATCHED YET.sux how it ended so at the end of it all daisy was just about the money she didnt even cared that her husband cheated on her smh fuck dat bitch lol fucked up yo

Where can I stream this movie for free? cause I'm reading this in English and it seems boring but the trailer tells me something different.

What I noticed is that in titanic leonardo dicaprio played Jack but he was poor and rose was rich and beautiful but in this movie gatspy was SOOOO rich and well guess what so was the pretty lady but I FELL INLOVE with the movie??????

best movie ever

For almost a hundred years they've tried to make a movie out of such an amazing book and they simply can't come close to it.  Just open the book and read it!  It's a quick read and it won't hurt you, I promise!  You'll get the whole story instead of this polished turd of a summary that's more about making Leonardo DiCaprio look good.

what is the first song name?? 

jack white <3

I thought the actor selection in this one was better than the old one other than wilson, jordan, and tom.

"No Church in the Wild", by Jay-Z and Kanye West.

My teacher found a lot of critical mistakes on the movie. I don't want to mention them all but yeh the movie has to run on theatres right...

SPOILER ALERT:
I'm surprised they didn't put in Gatsby's funeral. It was a major part, since no-one turned up for his funeral except from Nick, the servants, Gatsby's Dad and Owl Eyes. It really does illustrate the destruction of the american dream, how nobody even cared for him apart from those who attended and the materialistic upper class society in the 1920's.
To be honest, i didn't find the movie that good- it wasn't good, nor was it bad. It was one of those o.k movies. :l
The best bit about it was Leo's acting.

I just watched this and I don't get the hype. In the book, Gatsby embodied Fitzgerald's cynicism towards decadence and idleness, with it serving only as a means to an end (like Daisy).
It was hardly centered around romance, but at least the symbols weren't bashed over the readers' heads every five pages. Nothing was handled subtly in this film at all, but I guess that's okay if you don't care?

Yeah like people are saying, the one weird thing about this movie was when they were having the big party scenes and using modern club music. It was good music, but I said to my brother "imagine them all dancing but with a MUCH different type of music going on" lol.

i really liked this movie

I made a "The Great Gatsby: A Great American Yolk Tale" video trying to summarize The Great Gatsby if you had to read the book for school and wanted a sort of quick summary of the book and movie. 

..... old sport!

Thumbs up this if you're slag to life.

I understand that the book itself was over the top and a satire of the moral depravity of the Roaring Twenties but I was completely flabbergasted at how much Baz Luhrmann overdid it.  The acting was horrible (with the exception of Dicaprio) and the over-the-top-ness felt so forced that I was immediately turned off.  I hated this adaptation and could not even make it through the entire film.  I do see what Luhrmann was trying to accomplish however.  Younger audiences have taken to this adaptation extremely well for its use of modern music and the very over-the-top feel that turned others away from it.  To each his own I suppose.

I REALLY LOVE THIS MOVIE ?

Wish Gatsby & Nick just forgot about that bitch and lived the life of kings together!!! :(

LOVE how No Church In The Wild was the music for this 

This was a great movie... Honestly it felt like i was reading the book for the first time again.... The only problem there was (Which was a major one too) Was the modern music... That really ruined it and it would have been perfect without it

Old sport...

Just seen this movie i was very impressed would watch again and again and its kinda disappointing that i haven't seen it sooner in theaters 

The problem is that the whole thing was over-done. Yes, it's very possible.. and in fact, happened. While the "roaring 20s" are remembered as being hectic (for lack of a better word), they were by no means the brothel-esque money-throwing free-for-all middle-east oil money type classless brandishing that occurred in this film. The novel is so much more subdued and nuanced. The roaring 20s in NYC was a time of great change, growth, optimism, fun, ..and conflict. This film was like taking the characters from Les Miserables, dressing them in the outfits from Turandot, setting them on the set of The Wizard of Oz... and then expecting it to come off as genuine. *I didn't despise it... it just didn't meet my expectations at all* The more I think about it though, the less I'm surprised by how disappointed I was by the film.. it should have been no surprise that non-northeasterners (generally Hollywood, etc) wouldn't be able to grasp the era/locale/and society... old money, etc.  I'm from the portion of NJ where Fitzgerald got his inspiration for his novels The Great Gatsby and This Side of Paradise... I've been in the very library where he started writing his magnum opus... I know the exact buildings that inspired his descriptions of all of the characters' homes.... I've grown up in and around the city (tri-state)... I get chills when I read his novels and connect with them having lived them to a certain extent... same can be said about Salinger's Catcher in the Rye. All I'm saying is that there is so much more to The Great Gatsby than this film eludes to. It made a half-ass Broadway show out of a masterpiece. I'm bothered that kids will grow up now having this tainted rendition of one of our country's greatest pieces of literature stuck in their minds... and totally overlooking the subtle beauty of the novel thanks to the flash-bang over-done jazz-age nonsense.

Leonardo's acting was amazing but pretty funny too, he looked constipated with love half the time 

lol hella spoilers in the comments

Great amazing wonderful movie ??

Im gatspy ok 

When he was in the pool he died see the movie to the end

Mr gaspy died the one you killed him is the gas man

I loved this movie , it was totally awesome!!!

1:21 He looked so much like Jack (from Titanic) when he was throwing those shirts down... :D

those who read the book, its a classic novel..will enjoy the film more than those who don't. Since i read the book a few years ago, this film was a masterpiece for me. And The Wolf of Wall Street was also a brilliant film. 

Jazz music was new and exciting and raw back in the 20s the way rap and lots of modern music is now, Luhrman was conveying the revolutionary, almost frightening impact jazz had back then by using our musical equivalent in the film. If he'd stuck to 20s big band it would have seemed a little stale and outdated, like watching an old documentary than the high paced, decadent, illicit style of Firzgerald's novel. Hope that made sense :)

The ending was fucking bullshit. Also, what kind of a dickhead director do you need to be, to not understand that you cant mix modern generic club music with a 20's style atmosphere? Leonardo's acting is just about the only good thing i can say about this movie. It could have been a much better movie.

I think this is my favorite Gatsby trailer despite the fact that after watching it, if I didn't already know what Gatsby was about, I would have no idea what Gatsby was about. I just like the fact that it has Nick yelling "Get the hell out of here!" 

AHHH this movie did not end the way I wanted to. Felt so bad for Gatsby

wats the song called

worst movie Decaprio has ever done PERIOD

what a joke, RAP in the great gatsby?

what happens when you let a gnigger in holloweird

This was a really great movie i loved it. But tbh, Daisy is a bitch because she ruined everyone's lives. She made everyone blame Gatsby for her mistakes. I really hate her in this movie because she says like, "i wanna do everything with you" shit like that and what does she do? Get him killed. There are so many bad things she caused for everyone. She made the world revolve around her. Ugh she just did so many bad things for people. And i cried so much at the end also because no one came to his funeral. Gatsby was a really good man and cared about her so much. He didn't deserve that. I'm sorry there are just so many thing lol. But great movie. 

Ugh...I want to be in this world.

this is no better than a two hour MTV video..directed at those who get all their classics from watching cartoons...youd have to have a third graders mentality to like this flick..its trash..

This is such a huge pile of doggie doo..miscast..misdirected..bad acting all around.do yourself a favor...stick with the Redford/Farrow version and skip this piece of crap..

The point of modern music was to put a modern twist on the story of great gatsby.  That is exactly what Bay does. He did it in Romeo and Juliet..I think it's wpnderful!

Spiderman!!!

Waay better than the wolf of wallstreet

New drinking game:
1. Make some friends watch Great Gatsby with you.
2. Whenever Gatsby says "old sport", you all drink a shot of whiskey.
3. The one who wins will be the one who survives without alcohol poisoning.

thank you Beam :)

Leonardo is such a good actor, hands down one of the best thatll go in the history books

watched movie yesterday. i was impressed! i was sorry for leo tho :/

Love is blindness  is 
originally by U2

amazing. awesome acting, amazing special effects

song name at the begining?????

Love this movie. :)

This movie is wonderful. Wonder why Leo didn't win a Emmy for this. .-.

I've gotta watch this

in the movie, the moment he finds Gatsby he's like' I found Jesus!' 

it would have been nice if they could choose an actress with less moles on her face and neck...that was the only thing I could focus on!!! otherwise really good movie :D ;)

whats the song at the end?

it was good movie until Jay Z's song -_- ruined the movie,,, 

What is the name of song that starts in 1:10 please? :)

I love that drumming

I finally watched The Great Gatsby and I really don't care what anyone has to say, I LOVED it!  I thought it was brilliant.  I truly feel that people who didn't enjoy it, did not get it.  But that's just my opinion.



One of the best films I have seen in a long time, if anything I leaned from watching this film is hope!

Whats the song at the very beginning of the trailer?

It was a good movie, old sport...;)

Joel Edgerton was the best part of this movie. Great actor, and Leo was good, but this movie does all the same things that Wolf of Wall Street does, and Wall Street is better in every way, its generally smarter, but I must say I did like Edgerton and DiCaprio in this, even though they couldn't carry the whole thing.

song name? pls

What's the song at the beginning?

When in the hell did this happen o.0?

Great book, Great movie, Shitty music.

This is such a good book <3

It's almost not bearable when the music starts ruining episodes. If you cut out the music than the movies is really good, stunning bot not as much moving as it should be.

Honestly as being part of the younger crowd and community the mixture of both modern and 20's music caught my attention and made me feel as if i were actually in the movie. It made me feel like i was brought back in time but not to the point where it would feel as if i were actually watching a movie just about the 20's but as if i were part of it. The modern music helps that experience feel as if its happening now and in the moment. 

HATE THE END

I love how the movie is filmed en I love all the costumes, but the story... 

I think a lot of people misunderstood that movie. 
Well, I have never seen the Robert Redford version, so I can not judge people who did and therefore won't open up to this new version. But I had read the book before watching the movie with DiCaprio- and believe it or not, I imagined it like that while reading the book.  
And as far as the music is concerned- I loved it. This modern touch has brought all of this even closer to me, I think. This mix of modern and old, I think it made all of this special and unique. That movie is deep. 

This is one of the best movies , I've seen. Mainly because Gatsby represents THAT hope for love in each one of us. When I was listening to his words about Daisy, it was like hearing my thoughts..Not to mention that all the soundtracks were huge hits..

This is honestly one of the best movies of all time all the actors were great and acted just how they were supposed too. I couldn't say the movie was better then the book or opposite because the movie and the book are the same thing just about! Baz made an awesome film 

by far the best movie ive seen in 2013, so underrated. simply an amazing movie and perferct to watch on the big screen


Clever how Gatsby's failure to realise his own situation is ultimately the cause of all his problems

This movie is the best movie i have watched in year 2013... i guess there havent been any good movie like this for a long time... Leonardo Dicaprio is just an amazing actor... and a wonderfull human being... Anyone who havent seen Titanic on Blu ray ..watch it.. its an out of the box experience ..

Why did i wait the entire movie for the spiderman actor to behave like spiderman? :P

I think that the modern music in the 20s is a very good idea, it's original. Love this movie!

I admit I like the music choice although I do think there were 2 or so scenes when they played a song I felt the instrumental version would have been perfect

The movie was complete garbage, I'm not sure what drugs you all are using. Yes Leo was a great actor as always, but the story line was awful. The Movie dragged on for hours with no REAL plot or struggle. The wife only agreed with which ever man she was with, no wonder the husband cheated on her dumb ass. The main character (spider man) had a useless role in the position he played in his story, just following his cousin around like a creepy stalker. My girlfriend and I couldn't figure out who he was in love with, his dipshit cousin or Leo, the guy who supposedly made all his money from a fantasy company.

I honestly wanted to shoot myself in the foot after watching the whole thing. If Leo says old sport one more time I going to slap him around like that ginger at the ONLY highlight coke party scene in the movie.  

A generous 1.2/10. Don't waste your time.

I really loved this film. The 3D was amazingly well done as well. 

There's nothing special about this movie. It's ok, but it's far far away from being a masterpiece.

The Daisy bitch could have been a more appropriate name for this movie

The Daisy bitch, could have been a moore appropriate name for this movie.



Amazing Movie

This movie deserve 10 Oscar's

???????  ???????????~~~

i really like this movie even I already know the plot and the end.
the music, art direct, etc. so beautiful 
Carrey Mulligan was too damn cute and bitch in this movie 

I think I'm getting too old for modern movies. Or maybe not. My 21 year old Son, who loves rap and hip hop hop, shared many of my opinions of this movie. The modern soundtrack was way out of place. My Son said, "If they wanted to make the music, more alive, they should've have just used hip hop stars, to do some old-time jazz tunes. Ya feel me, Pop?." He also found the visual style and rapid pacing dizzying. He said, "I felt like I was on dope watching this movie. It gave me a headache." I agreed. We get it! The roaring 20s was an exciting time of wealth, excess, change and movement. We don't need to be reminded of movement, with constant motion in every scene and half a dozen butlers waving curtains around in the background, to keep us interested, like we're a bunch of bored 5 year olds. If the director wanted to make this movie a colorful musical, then he should have done that. Even my Son, who isn't a huge fan of older movies, preferred the 1974 version, which he watched in high school English class. He felt this movie was all about the visuals and the fast paced motion. He felt that all the action was unnecessary. He said: "The old movie had more heart. Ya feel me, Pop? It was more about the story and the characters. It was supposed to be like, a big emotional deal when Tom bitch slaps his side piece. The whole room stopped and they were like, 'Damn! That's fucked up, Tom!'. But, this movie made it seem like, 'Nah! that's just some normal shit that happens at parties'. In this movie, Tom was like, 'Boom! Okay, that's done. I just slapped a bitch down. Now let's move on and get this party jumpin off'. I wasn't feelin the way this version just zipped through everything. It had no heart." Now, my younger Son might not be the most articulate person in the world, but I think he has a sharp mind, none the less. His criticism of this movie and it's lack of emotional depth and heart, is spot on. 

Amazing movie!!

Leo Dicaprio is such a babe. xD

Trailer far better the the movie itself, old sport.

I imagined if Christian Bale played in this movie as Bruce Wayne they would call it The Great Batsby.

This movie is so awesome. The story is good, but the music in this film is what makes it just so perfect. :D

This movie was actually waste of time. 

this movie is actually really good in my opinion 8.5 out of 10 it was very emotional the music was superb, and the acting and dialog was astonishing, i don't like how it is a very typical plot though with the millionaire going after another guys wife, and i also didn't like the way they didn't show how in love daisy and Gatsby where before she was married but otherwise very fun watch.

This movie made me go from someone who was disinterested reading the book in English class...

...to someone that just fell full blown in love with the story of Gatsby.

This movie...and many select people will agree with me....was amazing. And changed everything I ever knew or thought about the Great Gatsby.

IF you going to watch this, wear headphones. The music suddenly turns all the way up on your speakers you try to turn it down then you cant hear the characters speak. Terrible music, Worst soundtrack, whoever made the soundtrack should die of aids.

What's the name of the 1st song i always forget it...

Toby maguire

Great movie..

The movie was great! I loved it, this movie should've gotten 5 stars.Leonardo DiCaprio played a really good Gatsby exactly, like the one in the original Gatsby movie/book.

looks like boardwalk empire but a lot less interesting

shit movie

Did anyone notice the Apple logo ?

Just got away with stealing the two disc from Walmart :)

masterpiece! 

AMAZING MOVIE! A must watch!

THIS TRAILER MAKES MY HEART BEAT SO FAST OMFG SO AMAZING I SWEAR TO GOD

0:33 Cute....

Honestly, this movie is a cinematic masterpiece. Anyone who doesn't appreciate Baz Luhrmann's work is narrow-minded because THIS is to the beauty of filmmaking. Give that man an Oscar already!!!!

1:03 Cole Phelps, lol

Hello old sport!

the best movie i ever seen :))

Best movie ever! I'm obsessed! I love gatsby!i can relate

I want to see Leonardo dicaprio in more movies like this

Great movie. Shows how often people fail to recognize their true friends and how easily people fall in love with those that don't even care about them. Great, great movie.

I love this movie so much.

WOW, after watching the movie i rush to this trailer immediately just to tell everyone THAT LEONARDO WAS REALLY REALLY AMAZING! it made me cry, i cant sleep! I regret why i watch this before i sleep,....:-( 

this movie is amazing

A masterpiece! I had the biggest revelation by the end of this movie... I wonder if they are aware of the feeling that this movie started in our hearts...

sad to see that Tobey Maguire is so underrated

EVEN THE FREAKING TRAILERS ARE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The best movie

The book was better. This movie needed to not have  toby mcguire in it. He's terrrible

best movie ever

Really good Movie but the end is ....

Movie was great, acting was superb but come'on, who ever decided to score this classic time piece of a movie with rap and hip hop totally killed the movie. Ruin the mood and made it unwatchable at times. 

Red box ready for tonight GG movie!

Best movie ever!  Daisy is an unappreciative person who doesn't deserve Great Gatsby!  

Best movie ever!!!!

song 1:26?

You should read the book. It's amazing!

facebook.com/GiveDicaprioAnOscar

I have to say although the movie is alright standing on its own, once you have read the book that the film was based on then the film pales in comparison and is almost unwatchable

Whats the very first song? Love it

Loved this movie sooo much!!! :(:

Amitabh Bachchan is in it!!!! omigoshh, thats cool and great! ;D

the directer of this film is the one who directed Romeo and Juliet 1996 !!!! and this film is just beautiful like R&J ! i love the story , special effects. and of course ! the Flawless acting of the Legendary Leonardo DiCaprio.

Long Live Leonardo DiCaprio!  Seems like so many of our fave celebs are passing!  My heart will absolutely shred if Leo was one of them!  Amazing actor, fell in love with him from titanic to the beach to his other movies!  He is the Shahrukh Khan of Hollywood! Just want to express my admiration for him and to show I am a loyal fan of his before his time comes! 

does anybody know the song that starts around 1:46 ?

When it comes to acting making it real, Leo is the man. I bet the reason why he still didn't have an Oscar is that oscar is not just enough for him. Leonardo is a Legendary actor.

hahahaha getting Dominos & doing the jig with this rental?

0:25 WHAT IS THE SOUNDTRACK IN THE BACKGROUND :P?

great Gatsby,great film

daisy is like oh I love you then when Gatsby dies she doesn't even go to the funeral

Honest to god, this is one of the best movies i've ever seen !

kanye weest

kany

After this trailer I thougt the film have to be incredible but I am dissapointed right now after looking the whole film...

This movie was incredible

Fuck to u daisy

old sport 

Can't believe how insanely hipster this film is. Made so that 17 year old girls can believe they have just experienced something deep that was also enjoyable. It's all just style without substance, completely missing the point of the original novel. Another pile of garbage from Baz Luhrmann.

Such a beautiful movie :) and I love the soundtrack

What's the song at 00:49

Definitely one of the best movie I've seen after a while! 

GIVE HIM A DAMN OSCAR ALREADY!

the movie was okay

and bitches always be complaining about how they cant find a man like Jay Gatsby. Most of them found a great guy like this but they be acting like Daisy and choose some asshole that they dont even love. smh

What's the song at the very start??


"A Spectacle in search of a soul"

DAISY is fucking stupid

i  wish I can forget this movie  completely so i can watch again! 

This stinker basically went straight to DVD. 

Ragazzi ho realizzato un doppiaggio su una scena del film, fate un salto sul mio canale se vi va! Grazie :)

Just Give this man his Oscar, Goddammit..

I’m pissed. My friend lives in the neighboring room. I’m displeased because he over recent weeks grew excellent at attracting the ladies. The guy discovered the Master Attraction website (Lookup in Google) by Jake Ayres. All he’s doing now is banging women. He’s always pulling the hottest women back. I hear it. It’s nasty. I wish he never discovered that site. My buddy is getting laid now too coz of that site.

Dis movie is nothing short of epic...loved leo...he indeed is "The Great Gatsby"<3 <3 <3

book was better


This is his best movie

Leo doesn't need their fucking oscar. HE IS OSCAR ALREADY.

@Gaby P Did you just fucking spoil the movie?

Such a poetic movie! 

And Kanye West :D

Jay-Z - No church in the wild Ft. Frank Ocean

I like Leo, and like watching him on screen, but my god he has been playing himself forever, just a tiny variation on other roles. Always the same over and over, 

now someone tell me...

how come he doesnt say OLDSPORTS once in this TRAILER..

so misleading.. i love OLDSPORTS.

 this dude did something pretty cool watch?v=ZzSSrDa2nUs

What's the song in the beginning

Watch full "GREAT GATSBY" HD on:
HDMovieZone. net

Is it just me or does Leonardo always end up dieing or fainting in water?

Sad movie

Right. I’m irritated. My cousin sleeps above me and he just lately got extraordinary at obtaining women. The guy found the Master Attraction web page (Lookup in Google) by Jake Ayres. All he’s doing now is screwing women. He’s constantly having girls back. I hear it, which is nasty. If only he had not found that site. I’m envious!

leo still has no oscar? wtf?fking stupid movie critics.

Before you ignore me please just give me a chance
My name is Adam, I play the piano and make piano covers. I started getting serious with youtube  November of 2012 because that’s Great challenge to myself.I am studying  medicine, but my dream was to become a professional pianist. Youtube helps me keep up to practice the piano. 
If you can please give my music a chance and Thumbs this comment up so more people can see it I swear I'll appreciate it. Subscribe if you want.
Thanks to Everyone


No church in the wild by Kanye West & Jay-Z is the title of the song.

damn. i cant found music from bathroom scene, where Daisy reads Gatsby's letter. 

Sad ending really :'( ... Daisy, she was the end to Gatsby... It was her fault at the end thoughhhhh T______T

Screw you daisy

Why thank you old sport!

When JESUS CHRIST comes in His glory, and all the angels with Him, HE will sit on His glorious throne. OPEN YOUR HEART TO JESUS CHRIST !

i had intense emotional dreams after watching this movie

The grat gatsby,the man who never existed in a real world and never will .Sad truth.

Watch full "GREAT GATSBY" HD on:
HDMovieZone. net

Leonardo is great 

I didn't mind the movie... but only because it had Leonardo Dicaprio in it; otherwise it was the same old boring story we had to read in school. What exactly makes Gatsby so great? He is just an emotionally unstable weirdo who happens to be extremely rich.  I had hoped the movie would at least make it more interesting, but it's the same lame old story that really feels more like a short play than anything. And the Symbolism was so excessive... plus its really a bad re-imagination of Monte Cristo

love is blindess-Jack White

Song in 1m 23 please

AMaZING MOVIE

10/10 A freaking great and must see movie.

Riesen Brimborium!

Just give Leo his F*cking Oscar alrdy!

This movie show us what woman can do to a man...and what is man ready to do for woman...

Poor Gatsby. BTW the movie is great.


thanks for giving away the ending

I cried a bit watching this. It was bittersweet that he died cuz he didn't have to get his heart broken. He died happy while in reality, he had no one ;(

My thoughts exactly.

i cried when i watched it.

IKR!!! i freaking hate her!!

thanks 

"The liquor was cheaper" because of bootleggers. It even says in the movie itself "Prohibition had backfired".

the Lickers where cheaper? it was prohibited.

Without all that music this movie wouldn't hv been so great. Music gives the '20's story' a modern twist. It perfectly completes the scenes. For e.g., Tom and Nick partying song 'Who gon stop me now' and saxophone mix was incredible and it adds to the partying scenes 'all that madness' - crazy parties without boundaries. And party at Gatsby, again saxophone sounds on top of what's playing -great, still doesn't allow you to leave the 20's. It could not be any better with different tracks.

When (SPOILER) he was dead 

That's the whole point of the story, isn't it?

Well, I don't really agree. I love hip hop more than any genre but it just doesn't fit.

I know you are, but what am I.

I would like to discover how to get laid. My good friend has begun going out with a ten basically because 60 days ago he joined a website called Master Attraction (Google it if you desire to know more.) I’m jealous because I want to just fall in love as well. I’m gonna take a look at this Jake Ayres man’s information. Bizarre point is, my friend previously had NO good fortune with women. How do you transform that rapidly? His girl’s like a model…

This is such an amzing movie one of the absolute best movies I ever seen. It has it all humor, sadness, exiting, love the best soundtrack
Love to dicario for best acting

THE BEST MOVIE OF THE DECADE 

totally 

Como se llama la segunda cancion

shit i hit my head to the lamp :(

Where was Daisy when JAY NEEDED HER?!

the movie is pure shit. waste of time.

Leonardo's been on a good acting streak lately...

That means better than TITANIC!!

it would have been better if it was scored by instrumentals instead of hip hop. the music was so inappropriate

I totally agree! Thanks for enlightening me! :)

I found the book boring, so I doubt I'll try to watch the movie.

thats how i like the movie to be 

Leonardo just better win an Oscar for this!

This movie inspires me. 

We need More ppl like Gatsby, in the sense who can love like him !

omg its such a good movie i dint get bored not even 1min you really get in the story.ITS A MUST WATCH MOVIE :D sorry bad english

Oh what a stink ending to the movie

You are not reading much about Maguire's characters because he was not in the role of the main character. The fact that the reader/viewer gets to know the story through Nick's eyes does not make him the protagonist. Nick is the artifice Fitzgerald used to narrate the story, it's the voice of the author himself in the skin of a secondary character that is rather an observer of the main action. I think Maguire did a good job with his part though, especially compared to his previous works.

And the parties seemed to be glamorous back then! 

I read the book and watched the movie. still gives me goosebumps all over. One of the best ever

Wow... I've looked at tons of reviews, and not one of them, NOT ONE OF THEM, even mentions Tobey Maguire. He's the main character... And every single one of those reviews, don't even mention him, or nick. I have not read the book, but the movie version is told from Nick's point of view, not Gatsby's. And I have yet to see a review that even talks about Tobey Maguire. He did an amazing job, and most reviews pretend he wasn't even there... 

actually it did. :P

That was my homecoming theme also this year!

this movie is a big piece of shit.

Was ruined by Jay z and leonardos indecisive accent 

Books are always better than movie

Mr. Great Gatsby, u r a whole bunch of them put together!

Trust me, the film isn't nearly as good as the book.

The music in this movie is fantastic. I loved that it was mixes of various music styles, plus the 20's jazz. I thought it was genius. 

I like this movie too much for a lot of reasons. 

one of the best  :)

agreed.. just wow...

leo have the best classic movies

Romantic movie with a tragic and sad ending..Just like the Titanic, Dicaprio falls deeply in love with a girl (married or out of his reach), share a dreamy and endearing adventure together and you'll know what happens at the end.



i did it all for her, 4 years, now its all down the drain, fml.

a  fucking great movie

"KAW made me litarate in Love Expressionism and animaliatic freewill ... Alway Save My Love." Just Babel.

Give Leo his dang Oscar now!!

"Love Is Blindness". Isn't it obvious?

SALLY SPARROW!
Sent back in time.

fantastic film.   oscar worthy performances from mulligan and dicaprio

You mean... seriously flawed, not the kind of guy you'd want to date long term, obsessed with possessions? 

For some weird reason...Leo reminds me so much of Christian grey from fifty shades of grey

What did you not understand?

This was an incredibly visually appealing movie. :) Storyline though, I thought it was a little lacking.

That is a good one! Football, though? Wonder why...

Why do you say that? There are several Americans I've spoken to who analyze the film when they talk about it, and give me valuable insight (I wasn't too huge a fan of the book or the film).

Finished watching it......WOW! best movie ive watched in a LONG time!

Oh an by the way, fun fact:

The most people who don't understand this book are American. (Well, they don't understand it now) 

Why does has someone have to be educated, or know English to have their own opinion. 

People will have their own opinions of films, especially one as Gatsby, to be honest, I wasn't a big fan of this remake. I prefer the original. Hell, the book is better. 
But to insult someone for disliking a film, by insulting their value of educated prose, and their ethnic/racial background is highly rude, and uneducated. (what is the uneducated? People who don't understand equality within race.)

Most boring movie of ever

That insult is totally unnecessary. Calling yourself educated? 

That is such a constructive comment. 

"No Church in the Wild", Kanye West

could you tell me please who song is it at the very beginning of video ?

That's a good one actually.  My school wasn't as creative... one year the theme was football... the hell.

My Homecoming theme.

Awesome movie watched it twice

*Spoilers for Django except not really if you know how Tarantino films usually go*
 I think it's funny that Leo died the same way two films in a row.


One of the best movies ive ever seen.... A LITTLE PARTY NEVER KILLED NOBODY!

Oh and sick soundtrack. :D

I found the beginning mad slow took a while for the story to start but Leo was awesome as usuall!

If this doesn't win him an oscar, i'm done.

Leonardo Dicaprio's best movie ! 

this is so cool and different movie :D

Not as great as it was advertised to be...at least the story line was not. The costumes and way it was shot was great but the meat was not that great. Glad I waited till it came out on video. 

I didn't like most of the music because it wasn't 1920's style music. The only music I liked was George Gershwin's "Rhapsody In Blue." But otherwise it was a good movie. 

best best best movie ever!!

spider MAAAAAANNN

she just wanted money. unworthy of Gatsby's love but he is a hopeless romantic. I hated the ending

DiCaprio killed in another movie? OMG hahahaha

the best of De Caprio so far, love 20'

Dude you have to read the book before you watch the movie..

This movie sucks. It's just a rich guy who likes a girl and then gets shot in the end. 

this movie/ story hits you harder if you've lived it.

*think

And sorry, I haven't read the book. I'm just talking about movie. :)

from a girls perspective I can see she loved Gatsby
why did she meet with him, told him she wish she'd done everything with him (not her real husband) , she cried when she understood she can't be with Gatsby. Anyways it was hard for her. 
But I also do thing Gatsby was the greatest man , his death was the saddest thing ever... :/

does anybody know this song..?

???

wow i made the top comment for the first time!

this is the best movie of 2013, just finished of course in french i'm not fluent at english, i hope i had the printed version of this marvel

the whore had to run into the street

one of the best movies

mmmmmm sorry

I think this film is very underrated. I thought it was brilliantly done in it's simplicity and possibly the best movie to look at since Avatar. Maybe not as good as the book, but still; a great version.

That's because you're a dumb bitch

She Blinked.

Tobey ,Tobey ,Tobey....Please DO NOT SCREAM:

send a flower

Unbelieveable! But the original movie is much better. of course di caprio ist hot as fuck, but daisy ist way better in the original.

You must be uneducated or you just don't understand English. Great Movie.

1:21 one of the most greatest escene of 2013

all she truly cared about was money. when she found out gatsby got his money illegally she started to withdraw. nick decribes her and tom in the book as careless people who only give a damn about their wealth. daisy was an awful person. 

Amen

calm yo titt's people

Worthy of The Academy Award!

i dont understand this movie..stopped halfway

Your able to effortlessly get over 3000 usd per month just by responding to easy surveys at home.
This website displays exactly how EARN88.COM

Imagination is like muscle.  If you don't exercise it, it shrinks.

It is supposed to be unfitting because it is comparing how Jazz was in that era. It was completely new and didn't fit and the director wanted it to feel like that. Its really amazing too

no thats what makes it stand out from the rest of the movies and books alike! Its completely unexpected

Daisy literally made me so mad haha! Ive never gotten into a movie like this one...one of my new favorites!

Jack White - Love is Blindness, original by U2

What is the name of the song at the end of the trailer?

I think I'm the only one who doesn't think Daisy is such a huuuuge bitch. hm?

She was just unsure of her feelings ,she loved them both. And she got scared of Gatsby later. What could she do?

Hit Like if you are on this video while searching for Amitabh Bachchan !

advertisement for apple on the lower right of the screen :p

*reads all the hate comments about Daisy* It was an allegorical novel guys. *sigh*

I don't get this movie at all. If someone could explain the storyline of the great Gatsby it would help me out. I wanted to love this movie. When I saw it, I didn't Think it was all that.

THE GREAT FILM!

you are gay?

poor gatsby he died and everybody was think that he killed the girl and he was bad but he was not bad!! fuck end!!!!!!! poor gatsby

Okay. I'm annoyed. My brother sleeps in the neighboring room and he in recent times became excellent at getting females. The guy found the Master Attraction site (Google it) by Jake Ayres. Now I hear him bringing ladies back. He's consistently getting ladies back. I hear it. It's gross and I wish he never discovered that site.

Who else has the read the book for school?

Just saw this movie today...big fan thought it was alright. Very entertaining though! :)

And i've already seen the movie twice

ha ha than great minds think alike because even though i have already seen the trailer i came back to watch it again after i finish watching the movie.

eye candy for the sake of itself turned into an eye sore. Pretty costumes tho.

I truly hated this film. It took one of the most seamlessly perfect works of fiction existing, and turned it into a jittering, over-blown, load mouthed mess. I truly hate the films of Baz Luhrmann, and for him to lay his sordid touch upon The Great Gatsby is to trivialise it into self-parody. This film is horrendous, take that and swallow it down. 

another oscar? you mean give this man his first oscar.

Sign this petition for Obama to fund and encourage the union of Juno Temple and Carey Mulligan as the Doctor (Who) and her companion respectively.
Very recent in Obama's We The People website -- sorry can't be posted in youtube's comments. Check it out.


Asking** and its Kanye West my bad

To anyone askinrb what the song in the beggining is, it is called "no church in the wild" by Jay Z & Frank Ocean

anybody know what song was used in the beginning there? 

awesome movie, loved the acting, dicaprio, tobey, amitabh sir was for short time, but he was good too.....overall, superb direction, lovely sets....Lovely :)

I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH! GIVE IT ALL THE AWARDS ALREADY!

Such a great movie. Leonardo Dicaprio never dissapoints!

this is one of the best movie i've watched so far! it's just perfect! great story line, script and actors! THIS MOVIE DESERVERS AN OSCAR! 

Lio is perfect! i love him! ?

No Church In The Wild

who's crying you little cunt

I’ve seen the world
Done it all
Had my cake now
Hot summer nights, mid july
When you and I were forever wild
The crazy days , city lights
The way you’d play with me like a child


Will you still love me
When i’m no longer young and beautiful?
Will you still love me

should really get an oscar!

Great story, great novel, great trailer, great actors, messed up movie...

cry me a river 

This is like a very long dolce and gabana commercial

If you didn't know what this was about, you still wouldn't after watching the trailer. 

i see what you did there haha

Haha J2 didn't read the book.

so true how even the most powerful men so in control of every aspect of their life can be brought down by a dumb bitch. to many times i see this in real life and on screen, women can be conniving little hoes.

best movie in the world

as opposed to figuratively one of the best movies ever?

that sure is true old sport

Greatest Movie Trailer ever!

Oh that BITCH Daisy should have died in the end. 
It just pissed me off so much
I can't even... 

I wish someone like Gatsby could love me like he loved that little bitch Daisy.

I hope Daisy gets VD from Tom.

Raise your hand if you wanted Daisy to die at the end

Just finished watching the movie and I feel like Luhrmann captured the feel of the era; the 1920's very beautifully, but he failed to capture the essence of the story. It's one the greatest literature novels but the movie made the message and the raw and sheer truth in it seem less essential somehow. The scene with Myrtle was of utmost importance, a turning point in the story but it felt rushed..left me unsatisfied. 

So? How was it?

WHY THE FUCK SHOULD HE DIE IN THE END !!!!!!!! (Sorry for those who hadnt seen the movie yet) The WORLD needs such good movies with what is called ''a happy ending'' seriouslyyyyyy

jay z no church in wild, jack white love is blindness

Love is Blindness


co do chuja robi tam spider man ?


No church in the wild Jay Z & Kayne West, Love is Blindness Jack white 


what is the song in this trailer called?? PLS

This movie is a read between the lines continuation of what happened after the titanic sank in which Jack Dawson didn't die nor did The Heart of the Ocean sank in the sea it was with him after the ship sank thus explains his wealth and changed his name to Jay Gatsby in this movie. 

Fucking bitch!

The Great Gatsby - Gatsby dead scene, final scene -------- /watch?v=IY5xWZ_hLbY

The Great Gatsby - Young and Beautiful Scene ------------- /watch?v=dH9UCvlo5VE

The Great Gatsby - Dance Scene ---------- /watch?v=pW3TLBDRk14

this movie is the best, the acting was brilliant, the set was beautiful and the story was great, absolutely must watch

I just noticed...
  At least 1/3 of Leonardo DiCaprio movies, he has to die... 

i liked the movie a lot, visually stunning, great soundtrack, and nice actors. thats my opinion.

I already saw the movie and came back to watch the trailer


The OST of this movie is great! I love the contrast between the 1920s setting then the songs of 2000s. OSTs do play a very significant role in the success of a film.

amazing, it took them one year to record and premiere

.......and there's the inexorable digression.

how racy it would have been etc 

I was kind of iffy about the music at first until the director explained the choice in an interview on the dvd. He said something about wanting audiences to understand what a big deal jazz would have been to the people back when it orignally was written. 

The movie was really good even though certain parts from the books  were eliminated but the soundtrack was horrible, I actually want to fucking murder jay z for ruining the movie with his horrible music, while watching it I was almost certain that he would've put some skrillex in it, they should've gotten somebody better to make the soundtrack

LOL okay, im done here, you obviously have no life. the only idiot here is you considering you're arguing with me because of my opinion about a movie lmao BYEE! (:

Why do you have an obsession with differing opinions? 
You're an idiot because of your 27,341 argument, jesus learn to comprehend basic things please.

Okay. im an idiot because i loved this movie and you didnt? do you really feel the need to call someone an idiot because they are sharing their opinion about a movie? dude get a life, like seriously. so damn rude.

GIVE THIS MOVIE AN OSCAR

27 thousand people merely liked the film, more specifically the trailer - that's different to claiming a film is literally one of the bests ever.
you're an idiot.

This was probably the only love stories, movie I've seen where the is no happy ending...at all...but it was good!

I loved it - glitzy, well acted and visually stunning.  Much better then that horribly boring 1974 version.


i guess 27,341 other people dont know shit about movies either then.... since when does everyone have to have the same opinion on a  movie? you didnt think it was great, okay thats awesome for you! (:

This made me cry more than Titanic! 

i dont think you even understand the book
even as a piece of literature it was nothing amazing

acting was pretty shit

yeah the cinematography was abysmal also, not that it was bad but it was painfully bog standard it felt embarrassing.

you obviously dont know much about movies

/watch?v=pW3TLBDRk14 ----- The Great Gatsby Dance Scene

/watch?v=dH9UCvlo5VE ------ The Great Gatsby Young and Beautiful Scene(Lana del rey)

Join my channel!

LITERALLY ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES EVER HANDS DOWN 

How the fuck Leo never won Oscar!?
Such a great actor.

Most inappropriate soundtrack for a movie... some dumb ass producers wanting to be hip.

lies, no church in the wild by jayz and kanye west


Song : Jack White – Love Is Blindness

Jack White – Love Is Blindness

I'm reading the book. I haven't watched the movie yet. I fucking hate comment spoilers.

The second song is Jack White - Love is blindness

why does leonardo always  end up dying in water? :( pity on him.

Daisy is a bitch

I loved this movie soooo much!!

What is the name of the song playing?

WHY DONT YOU WATCH THIS MOVIE BEFORE CINEMAS AT: va4movie.com

An example of a trailer much better than the film :(

The Great Gatsby | Young and Beautiful scene --- watch?v=dH9UCvlo5VE

The Great Gatsby - Dance Scene ---- watch?v=pW3TLBDRk14

Just watched this. Reminds me a lot of a relationship I had back in the day. Without all the money and big parties anyway. 

No Church in The Wild

great movie , what is the name of the song when the trailer starts ?

why does he always have to end like this :(

Lol what

Best movie Ive seen in a while!

Wow this trailer sure is shit. This movie was one of the best I've ever seen, but what is this trailer?


Best movie ever!!!

WATCH IT NOW: va4movie.com

that was an amazing movie, but it was so sad at the end. I thought they were gonna go all the way. :(   
very touching movie

Such a amazing movie, Money can design love but can't design feeling, in fact love can always change... 

Watch online (multi subs) and download HD at: hdmoviezone. net/2013/08/the-great-gatsby-2013.html

That's one way to look at it, I more saw it as purposeful exaggeration to exaggerate the grandiose greatness of Gatsby, and it mutes and gets darkness to compliment the tone of what's happening around him. As for the acting it just struck me as the stereotype for 1920's people to exaggerate the way they spoke which could be seen as bad. 2 ways of looking at the same thing I guess.

Yes, the soundtrack and too much CGI were the downsides. Other than that it was good. I mean, Leo only works in great films. :)

I agree with the CGI thing

It's editing needs some major work. The first half of the movie really struggles because of this. On top of that, there's WAY too much CGI for a period piece. The whole thing felt fake. You knew they were just actors in costumes, you knew every house and car was just computer generated, for the most part. Shows like Boardwalk Empire build so many of their sets, the entire impact is far more powerful and legitimate. Also, most of the acting was hugely mediocre. 

Great movie!

GOD DAMN IT DON'T GIVE SPOILERS

he always dies drowned, if not at sea at a pool. ironic

loved this movie so much! it was amazing!

I feel that even though it was a great effort, that F. Scott's Fitzgerald's writing is so good that you can pick up the imagery very well, and that the movie wasn't needed.

How so? 

Sure it was! 

THIS MOVIE WAS LEAKED AT: va4movie.com

Because it simply isn't well done. 

I love the fact that most of the songs on the soundtrack didn't come from the time period. but they all compliment the movie perfectly.

she doesn't deserve his love 

how come i dont dig this movie


Disliked the fact that it was the Jazz Age but there wasn't playing jazz even for a second. I guess using modern music in movie like this is way how to stand out and create something different but I personally couldn't fully enjoy the movie because Beyonce, Kanye West, Lana Del Ray etc. songs were playing..
But other than that I loved it! Acting was absolutely brilliant!

Maybe too deep.

the most underrated movie!!

The Beginning Made No Sense To Me At All,......It Was Like "Super Party Time In Jay Z Music" Every Second....Then It Got Better....Gatsby And NiCk Was The Only Thing I Liked

I know, it just looked like a fun party that went sour. 

1:33 no it all doesn't make sense

no

he did amazing in this movie, i agree with you.

No,you're not. 

jack from titanic

Grear Gatsby with sedpop chaine

Totally agree with you...

This movie makes no sense to me...

DAMN YOU DAISY!!! F*CK OFF OLD SPORT! U LET ME DIED IN VAIN!!!

youtube.com/watch?v=z7cAUZu0BnI&feature=c4-overview&list=UUs9HmASTuK2bC5c7XacN4tg

Ego trippin, I guess you prefer nigger jazz.  HEE HAW!  Wrap yourself around it boo. :) I notice you aren't complaining about the Black showgirls that were added to the film, though not included in the novel. Hummm...

WATCH IT NOW: va4movie.com

no church in the wild - jay z - kanye west

name ?

what song is that ?

what is the song the beginning of the trailer .

the fucking cunt daisy

I FUCKING LOVE DICAPRIO OMG I CANT EVENN . This movie is a must watch !

In that scene he had just walked in to the house and it was raining outside.

just saw it, it was beautiful movie like you're reading a book.. 10/10

I loved the book and was so excited to see this movie, but I was disappointed. You can obviously tell that it was made by the same people that made Moulin Rouge.

Honestly this is the most boring movie I've ever seen, don't waste your time. You have been warned 

Rain (: and a probably a little sweaty cos he was nervous...

such a great movie, isn't it old sport?


I'm really the only one here who thinks this is a shitty film?

Definitely not.

He was having an Orgy :)

he just got out of the rain ;)

No he wasn't sweating. He ran outside during the rain. :) Must see the movie!

can somebody tell me if at 0:56 is he sweating and why???

Also check out, great Gatsby: lesbian affairs, all night sex and cocaine @muslim hype.com.
Again, no disrespect is intended. I am only looking at the lives of two young people and remarking on the outcome of their lifestyle. RIP Francis and Zelda.

only mention of Blacks in the novel.  Many rich whites frequented Harlem in the 20s to enjoy the Black entertainers.  Many of the artists, Ellington, Cab Calloway, etc. Were invited to the homes of the wealthy to perform at private parties et al. The fact that Fitzgerald did not acknowledge them in Gatsby scenarios seems odd since he coined the term Jazz Age.  Blacks were included in this 4th remake because they offer authenticity to the era and liveliness to the (musical) scenes. God Bless

AND THE OSCAR GOES TO ..... Leonardo DiCaprio

...to Zelda's horror she learned that her husband had actually been using her personal journal as a source of ideas for his work!  See: Wikipedia and Flapper Jane .com beautiful and damned: Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald.  Re: the mention of Blacks in the novel.  TOM refers to a racist? book, Rise of the Colored Empires - actual published work, which speaks to his disapproval of miscegenation - race mixing, and later in the novel he repeats the same fear.  This is the...

They were the crazy young couple who jumped into the water fountain, the absolute toast of New York and Paris.  They were gorgeous, talented, extreme, tempestuos and self destructive.  Together they defined the American Jazz Age, in it's excess, glamour, romance, style and thoughtlessness. They'd been married for about five years when Gatsby was published and certainly their lives can be gleamed from the pages of the novel. However it's a known fact that in the 30s ....

GREAT GATSBY 

Mr. Evilspin, Fitzgerald's being loose model for Gatsby.  Did you know that F. Scott coined the term JAZZ AGE? Or that he referred to his wife Zelda as America's first flapper (wild and crazy)? Or that he was initially rejected by his highly sought after Zelda whom he met in 1917?  In 1920 his first novel, This Side of Paradise was published which turned him into an over night success.  FITZGERALD quit his low paying position and only then were he and Zelda married. More...

AMAZING MOVIE, Ive seen at: va4movie.com

@F Gonzalez-  the song is someone ?? covering an old U2 song- the last track on Achtung baby

No Church in the Wild by Kanye West

What's the name of the song and by who?

fuck you daisy


whats that song?

You won't miss anything if you don't watch this movie

what a sad movie 

The Great Gatsby's parties=Tommorowland of 1920s!

At first i liked Daisy then i hated her by the end of the movie, she was the one who killed the woman and she didnt go to gatsby's funeral even though he put the fault on himself. also Tom fir convincing the other guy that it was gatsby who killed his wife. Daisy decided to go with Tom in the end, but in the altenate ending tom is cheating on her again.

love the movie hated the trailer 

Wat this movie's about?


buena peli!!

that trailer doesn't really give you an idea of what the movie is about at all


I wonder if my English teacher saw this..

And some ppl even suggest that Fitzgerald has hinted that Gatsby himself is black in the novel. I havent really looked much into it, prob just rumours but I have read of some references & hints in the novel that can suggest it but doesnt mean its fact. I understand about the heathens & the lack of culture & class...but again, my previous comment is about the corny additions of some scenes with blacks (which was a stereotype) in the film. Obviously added for fun by the filmmakers. 

I cant recall but I do believe blacks were included in the novel or mere hinted of their presence. Either as servants, caretakers or everyday people/partygoers. Some ppl have suggested that Fitzgerald didnt need to delve into topics of blacks in his novel because of the actual times of the 20's or feared he may be perceived as racist, cause controversy or add to the inhuman ways towards blacks. It was irrelevant really anyway. Just as those scenes in the film which either Jay Z or Baz added. 

However I have never heard or read any reference of the Fitsgerald's being the true life models for the novel. And I have read about the Fitsgerald's lives. Of happiness, riches, struggles & tradegy. I looked up what you said & nothing came up about them being any inspiration as the novels characters. The only relation & similarity his life & the novel shared is the sudden tragedy of both their end. And friend of his had referenced a line from Gatsby's funeral at Fitsgerald's funeral.

Not of the cautionary tale of the Jazz age exclusively but of the cautionary tale of America at the time, emotions, the difficulty of humanization of some, American aspirations, consequences, unrequited love, tragedy, excess, the youth in the 20's, society in politics & the different classes in society: rich, poor, good, bad. The West egg & East egg is a metaphor for the different & seperation of classes.

Hi Sister Rati, Thanks for replying. I enjoy debates, constructive criticism or questions but not childish, disrepectul or misunderstanding ones. So thank you for not being that & wanting an actual discussion. Having said that, I do know that Fitzgerald wrote the book with the 20's lifestyle in America in mind, society & parties hes gone to, as such was the inspiration & motivation to write many of his stories but not of jazz itself. Jazz was just a significant part of the 20's. 

Yeah, I know right? Just like in the departed.

Alright old sport.

She was a good character, but what she did in the end of the movie ruined ANYTHING that she had running for her.

oh, i'll let you know when i care. GOOD TALK BUDDY

0:18 song name ?

Lol, This is what I mean with going full retard. And this was your pevious comment. 

... oh? and how is that... everything i said made perfect sence, but good bye faggot. ur dumb. mr nigger spoon.

Looks like full retard to me.


oh? and how? everything i said makes perfect sence, but please keep wasting my time. fuckin idiot. ur a lonely faggot. 

 the lady does that! -.-

The luxuries and problems of the wealthy... ~sigh~ 

Watch the new and old 1974 film version.  The roaring 20s was an era of plenty. The author was a young romantic. The story is told through young eyes.  It is a very simple story.  Really. Good luck in the coming school year.  Compare it to the movie Cotton Club they are based in the same period but told very differently.

Did not mean to send both messages, sorry. Not trying to go hard on the Fitzgeralds either. RIP. Blessings.

Hi Evilspin, are you under the impression that Blacks were not an integral part of the Jazz Age?  I believe Fitzgerald excluded Blacks from the book not because they weren't important to the period, but because largely they were creative and innocent in light of his theme of over indulgence.  He was writing about the empty air head materialistic heathens of the period and their demise.  I'm glad he left African Americans out of the train wreck.

Hi evilspin you mentioned the gatsby novel in relationship to history. Did you know that F. S. FITZGERALD wrote the book as a cautionary tale of the Jazz Age? He and his wife Zelda  were the true life models for this novel? The main characters in the book didn't end well and neither did the Fitzgerald's.  Look that up. I believe he intentionally excluded Blacks from the book not becuase they weren't important to the period, but because they were  innocents and he was writing about the heathens.

I can't blame you for hating Daisy but you gotta accept the fact that she is married and even has a daughter and she has some feelings for Tom, No matter what, you have no need to say F***you to her now that she's going to live with the feeling of guilt for the rest of her life! For me I would just call her a coward! Tom deserves the F***you because he was the one who convinced George that Jay was the one who had an affair with Georges wife Even though it was Tom, and Daisy had no idea about it.

You just went full retard.

I wish this movie could last forever 

No church in the wild

DiCaprio is simply a legend !!

The way they portrayed the novel could have been done a lot better but Leonardo DiCaprio really made the movie shine. 

Because he's not an ass-kisser like everybody in Hollywood... Oscars are all about PR.

Daisy was a bitch going for only the money. 

Gatsby sums up white people dreaming of being the Arab oil shaykhs I guess.

and yes idiot, their love affair was her fantasy. why do you think she kept saying " i wish we could just run away " or " i wish like it could be like this forever " because she had a life back home with her kids, she loved the affair but it was too crazy for her. If that doesnt make sence to you you're a fuckin idiot. LOL 

first of all are you all fucking right? you seem to be getting worked up about a discussion about a movie, you're starting fights with everyone, calm the fuck down first of all. and no she didn't she didn't want to be involved with gatsby anymore, she started to doubt him, obviously. Stfu, i could care less about talking about this with you. Lolol, little 10 year old faggot. 

Why Leornado Dicaprio doesn't have any Oscar? Like seriously he's such a great actor.

0:18 song name ?



wrong, she did, but she was way to into her life with tom, and her daughters, and her family, her love affair with Gatsby was like a dream and she sort of, snapped back to reality with tom.

Best movie i have ever seen, literally everything about it was magical yet so unpredictable. 

Watching the movie and paying attention to daisy, you can tell she's just manipulative, also trying to get at her husband, doing the samething he did with adultry.

Amitabh Bachchan!?!?!? Looks straight Gangsta!!

i know ppl who also read the book have agreed with me about those same scenes in the film were corny & not true to the times/book so that proves my point. thats all i didnt care for 'bout the movie. Some ppl who praised it are ignorant about history & the book in general. I have a friend into hiphop, loved the movie & then was shocked there was a book & didnt know anything about the 20's style & didnt believe ppl dressed, spoke & danced like that. goes to show new generations need to learn. ;)

Seems like ppl are misunderstanding. chill out ppl. i did understand the fusion of modernism & mixing the 20's & todays hipness with music etc. But found the African Americans riding & poppin bottles in the convertible like life was peachy a bit corny.It seemed like a mockery as well as give false views of the times in the 20's to new generations. I just like time period movies to be a little more true to the times its based. 

has nothing to do with fiction really, the book didnt do so in that. if its gonna be fiction create your own movie. its what I didnt like about it. I like truths. not bending facts or sugar coating things. its not about what the filmmaker found interesting or wanted/didnt want you to see. He changed facts. The book didnt do so in that. I understand if he wanted to add things which he did but dont change certain facts by things you added or wanted to poke fun. it becomes deceitful and corny. :)

Feature film=Fiction --> you can not wait reality or historical accuracy from it.
Even if you watch a documentary, you have to be careful, because you can know only relative truths from it. Only those aspects of a case that the filmmaker found interesting or wanted you to see.

Heya persons i discovered a website you could observe whole hi-def films.

Va4Movie.?om

leonardo dicaprio is fuckin amazing. especially the scene when gatsby got angry because tom provoked him. unbelievable actor

Best Movie made so far!

Fuck You Daisy!

The end was so fucking sad

You Want see another awesome guy be friendzoned look Gatsby !

I've watched this movie four times so far in the past week and i seriously cannot stop.

Why does movies have 10 million subscribers and no videos?!?

Second viewing (on Bluray) I enjoyed the film much more and found it to be quite within the spirit of the book - aside from the sanitarium business, its use of symbolism and general themes seemed spot on and undeserving of the initial harsh criticisms.
Style of Gatsby's soirees felt pleasingly reminiscent of Luhrman's Romeo+Juliet Capulet party. Was pleased to note the fixed the Ziegfeld sign as well ;)

This movie is amazing. I like to think of it as Jack and Rose reunited xD

this film is a masterpiece. OMG. WOW.

alguien puede decirme como encuentro las canciones del trailer?

Daisy is So Fucking Bitch Even She Doesn't Attend To Gatsby's Funeral
The End     :D

AMAZING MOVIE

Looks like i have already imagined the ending of the movie cause of some bitch who wants to bark.

Nice movie

Very close to the novel. Just love it.

I was stunned by the movie, DiCaprio's emotions are so real, I literally felt everything he was going through. Amazing actor

Is it just me or is it THE MOST epic trailers ever made? Especially the soundtrack.

One of the best movie I have ever watch, 10/10 , Di Caprio rules...

hermosa pelicula

will you come old sport

THE GREAT MOVIE !

?? ???? ??????? ????? ???????? ??? ??? ??????? ??????? ?? ??? ??????

I expected more

Visit our website to observe total movie

Va4Movie.co­­m

This movie has to win an Oscar. Such an amazing movie and music, old sport.

If Leonardo or Depp Stars then don't think twice....!!! 
I watched it... what a movie with a great ending !!!!!!

No church in the wild - Jay Z and kanye west

?? ???? ??? ???? ??????????

what's the name of the beginning song?

The greatest movie I've ever seen..

Great movie old sport

Such a beautiful piece of cinema.

Jack White - Love Is Blindness

what is the second music in the trailer


fucking bitches ..thats why

bang bang bang bang

Great movie.

Spiderman? Wtf are you doing here?

I can't look so my phone is yery bad.

wow super cool dude. dont waste time guys , rush to this site and get ur ipad3 or iphone as per ur choice. be mature and do this, make sure you tell the address and email properly to send the giftbox. dont run away have a try now  -> bit.ly/19xGouz?=gdezdt

GATSBY DIES

THE GREAT MOVIE !

What song idiot ? ? ? 

what's the song?


it doesnt seem like anything happens in this film????

Poor Leonardo. He always dies in movies. Almost.

Poor Leonardo. Always ends up in misfortunate love affairs.

If only that was the case. One of the best actors.

Check out each of our site to look at complete film

Va4Movie.co­­m

Wait... Amitabh Bachchan? Haha xD

I didn't know Jay-Z was that old.

@aQuakidd edmond, it does perfectly.

Best soundtrack on a movie that I know of , and daisy is a bitch indeed

ya 


this movie has a strong ending

i love it

songs plz ?


love love love this movie

Looks gay

i got the screaming scene on my channel with a little twist lol 

Dearest David, The roaring 20s or Jazz Age was a time of prosperity, cultural achievements and reckless moral abandonment. FLAPPERS, the Daisy's of the time used cocaine and had lesbian affairs.  These are the forbearers of modern white women.  Move your energy away from bars and nightclubs.  CON'T to develop Ur cultural interests. Think bohemian, renaissance woman. If you think of women as sexual objects you won't enjoy the best they have to offer.

lol

I LOVE this film, a well as the book. 

problem is you never know who that woman is...in the meantime you just meet a lot of Daisies

I m affraid I m missing something here, maybe the % part. You reffering to money I assume?

I know that feeling bro

Fuck you daisy!! dumb bitch

Loved the choice of music. It gave it the modern/old fashioned feel to the movie. 

The song choices are quite standard for a Baz Lurhmann film. He tends to go with a 'different feel' that doesn't quite match the era. Great movie! And great song choices!

Actually I was chocked.. He did all of this to her but she.. :S

really good movie.. I liked the choice of music though.. gatsby was really a great man.. and daisy.. :S

Seems like you mean it's Jay z AND Kanye West's fault?? They don't go after movie and make them use their song into movies bro.. But yeah rap/hip-hop doesn't have anything to do with this.. But "No church in the wild" is freaking good song but like you have written it doesnt fit in here.. 

Im gonna watch this movie right now! :DDDDDDDD

simply great. dont waste time guys , rush to this site and get ur ipad3 or iphone as per ur choice. dont think its funny, your address and mail id is enough to receive ur ipad3. have a try and enjoy :)  --> bit.ly/14q0FJT?=pjbdhd

Be blesssed David Keith, the Goddess loves you.  IF YOU WANT A WOMAN, shake the losers and hold out for a girl that really matters. :)

I see

well.. you need to lower that % just in case XD

Daisy is the perfect image for 90 procent of women out there: sluts !

He was executive producer for the movie, so it was kinda logic to have some songs in it

great movie!

This Jazz Age cautionary tale was published in April of 1925 when the period hadn't even neared it's climax.  JOSEPHINE baker who epitomizes the era hadn't yet traveled to Paris to become a star! Fitzgerald began the book in 1922 without knowing the impact that the 4oaring 20s would actually have on history and perhaps he anticipated the worst of it. The shallow character of &aisy and others in the novel most likely reflect his dim view of the times.

Agree

Not worth to watch two an a half hours good movie but,  not great

sad that this movie was so bad.

Actually, this is a remake of a very old movie way before Titanic.

You paid to watch a movie? ouch.

He actually grew up very, very poor and they fell in love when he was younger and in the war. If you watched the movie or read the book, you would know.

Why ? you don't like the movie ?

"Spiderman" XD, i know...he was great, aswell as  Leonardo.

This is not a story about love...the FAIL is all yours, obviously you are an man of action, sometimes you need a comprehensive approach to understand a book (in this case a good one), great movie too. 

what is the name of the first song ?

Why did Baz LuhrmanN turn this into a movie? WHY?!? What was he SMOKIN?!

I just watched this movie and now I remember why I stopped reading the book back in high school... What a FAIL of a story! Who the fuck cares about some stupid romance between two super ass rich people? wtf.. haha.

because she is bitch !

WHY DAISY DIDN'T CARE ABOUT GATSBY'S DEATH ??? WHY ??? 

Wtf is this movie about?

you have no class in music,lol.

good acting good production the story wasn't that good


I couldn't disagree more, the music was fantastic.

DAISY IS A FUCKING BITCH! I hope i never meet a woman like her.

Even if Dicaprio is really good, this movie was a total waste of my time and my money

Just watched it. it is BS!!  Stupid movie trying to make another Titanic while Rose betrayed Jack.  And rap song with 1920s background is hilarious.

Yeah dude i agree, the music sucked monkey balls. This was suppose to be the roaring 20's which was very Jazz inspired, not some fucking hip hop party.

I hope Leo gets the oscar ...he was amazing...i still can't understand how could he loose the oscar for revolutionary road...hope spiderman gets at least nomination because he has done an amazing job too

Another movie about how women ruin mens lives HAHAHA!

??????????????

Chelsea foerver dude!!

o shit peter parkers is in this

I couldn't agree more! Terrible choice of music.  

I honestly didn't expect him to get the book wrong; especially since Romeo + Juliet was spot on.

stupid

Racist bro?

What a beautiful movie ,well acted by them all MAGNIFICENT !

Jack White - Love Is Blindness

good movie, stupid music, i would have loved to hear jazz music since this is the appropriate music for the theme of this movie. Jay-z doesn't fit the theme at all.

You suck donkey balls at trolling yo!

old sport

old sport

YIFY

YIFY

Because he doesent kiss ass like the others :)))

Because he doesent kiss ass like the others :)))

A good movie but not great .

Movie was okay but not great...it just depicted the parties really well! I think the best adaptation is the one with Paul Ruud and Toby Stephens from the year 2000!!

Your a cunt 

Piratebay ~O~

Very enjoyable movie with great cast, but whats with the rapmusic from the car on the bridge, and dance-pop at the party.. Might as well have given him a bugatti veyron then.

owh, this is the link thanks.. h ttp://freetorrentsforall.blogspot.com/

Download HD version at: newesthdmovies. blogspot.com/2013/08/the-great-gatsby-2013.html

YIFY did NOT bring me here, I am for realz!

I haven't checked up on it but if it's true, I wonder why too? He's a great actor, Blood Diamond I love his accent there. He's on my list of top actors along with  Edward Norton and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.

One of the most stupid trailer! If the movie is like the trailer than is boring as hell :|

One of the best films of all time. 

Just watched this and it's not as great as some might think. The trailer and soundtrack are amazing. The story is very simple and the movie can get boring at times. There wasn't much to follow story wise. There were a few things that were a nice surprise, but that's about it. I'm a bit disappointed as this was one of the most exciting movies to wait for. It's only till the end that things start to work. Leonardo was great in Titanic and Romeo+Juliet... plus a few others when he was young.

YIFY YIFY YIFY !!!

hmmm... movie was ok, but not great.

The Great Gatsby Audiobook is available for free at audibookindex, just so you know.

Omg this movie is the bestest and my personal favorite by Leonardo Dicaprio :D 

How the hell has Dicaprio never won an Oscar 

i think daisy is a slut, you can simply tell just from her face

thx

thx

I've read the book and seen the movie and I have to say the movie is so much better

I can't wait till its off in dvd

Love this movie and Leonardo its so cute. :-)

Love soundtrack in this movie <3

He dies in the pool scene so sad

No Church In the Wild by Kanye West

plz the song from 0.01 to 0.38

THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM: GudMovie.com

yeah yeah

yes and then Im going to eat pay with morgan freeman


Hani Yared and Mohammed Hittini translated the novel into Arabic back in 2008. ???? ???? ???? ????? ????? ????? ??????? ??? ??????? ??? 2008

Thanks alot Emily Gerding! You made my day!


No Church In The Wild by Kanye and Jay-Z

what's the name of the first song that's playing in the background ??

no. gatsby says old sport in every sentence

spider-man reference??

i was busy gettin my ballls sucked for a month

lick my balls

Wow! .I did -20 lbs in 2 weeks.Visit hawght.so\#RBzKbN5
XhbYqM3rgSibJpHcf



I see what you did there !  :))

oh! thank you! owe ya!

This movie is amazing!!

I love that song

simply great. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. just listen for now, never forget to fill with your mail id and ph number. dont run away have a try now  -> bit.ly/18IW4rc?=fuimyt

yippee. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. be mature and do this, never forget to fill with your mail id and ph number. rush it here  ==> bit.ly/18IVXMd?=mlxgcs

simply great. i wanna do again so that i can get one more ipad :P. dont think its funny, your address and mail id is enough to receive ur ipad3. have a try and enjoy :)  => bit.ly/16nM9Vv?=cejpfk

I just watched this movie today in theaters it was amazing

IT"S SPIDERMAAAN

como se llama la cancion de este trailer?



why that song WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY 

I like the part in the movie when he says "old sport" XD

ok movie spoiler thank you soo much for telling us that -___-

Yeah, i love it too! I got ants getting through a hole in the wall, and i just played the music to them and they all died, mwhahahaha! Love it!

Love the intro theme song

Beautiful film

Muito chato....muitos personagens que assistem e floriem o filme,nada mais que isso,no mais tenta ser Desejo e Reparação,crimes toscos

I read the book last night so that I could finally watch the film! It better be worth staying up till 3

I respect your opinion with that, but for starters it is really mean to call someone else ugly and in my eyes she looks pretty. The other daisy's were'nt any prettier. 

I remember the first time I saw this trailer, I was like "Where's Isla Fisher???

Seems interesting, but  .I did -20 lbs last two weeks.Open hawght.so\#QoDYdtS


the cost is having all the advertisers sending thousands of emails

Old sport x55


The Great Gatsby

An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbour, Jay Gatsby. 

movie at:

iwantmovies.info

man, when you see this movie being done by baz luhrmann, you should already know what to expect out off it.

that's right! he is one of the best actors that we have! also in Django he was really the best! just amazing!


Just go watch it, old sport. 

Sadly, the trailer was better than the movie. More than a tad disappointed, even though Leos performance was solid, and the cinematography spot on. Just too shallow, given the source material.

simply stunning! .  cant come of out the reality of getting a iphone for doing some questionnaire :) . listen to me, give ur delivery addr with phone number to make sure you get it. have a try and enjoy :)  ==> bit.ly/12FF0hg?=usvqhn

WATCH NOW FOR FREE AT: movie46.com

AMAZING MOVIE, Ive seen at: movie46.com

Leonardo DiCaprio = world class actor

But also Toby did a great job I think.

Whats the first song called?


Whenever I see the part at 0:49 it reminds me of the dream sequence in Shutter Island. It's so much like it! The layout of the scene, the confusion on his face, the window behind her, his hair style...

I have to say, when I saw the trailer I didn't actually think the god awful music would be in the feature.
I was blissfully ignorant then

check out this violin cover of Lana Del Rey's Young and Beautiful from the Great Gatsby soundtrack. Paste this in the url after youtube dot com /watch?v=75XQ7MtRgmM

He dies...


THE ENTlREï»¿ LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN HERE: movie46.com

I think Gatsby is one of those movies like Fight Club, or the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I can't bring myself to say the book is better than the movie, or vice versa. They're different, but, they're both works of art.  

perfect movie !!!!

When Tobey Maguire screams... it's just not acting

I cried so hard after this movie was over. By far one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had watching a movie

@ringbolt, theres several versions of this movie which have 20s music. I loved the soundtrack of this one.

Daisy - Bitch. :) 

the bast moive in this year!!!
i love it so muchhhh!!!
i've watched it many times!
Perfect music !

The Great Gatsby

An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbour, Jay Gatsby.
watch iwantmovies.info

I loved this whole movie. Screw the critics.

fuck, you're right

it needs  some 20s   music  to go with it    not modern  

i saw this with my little sister

must be a joke...

I KNOW, RIGHT?! I am yet to find a movie chosen by him which i don't love.

Oscar goes to Tobey Maguire! Better luck next time Leo

Love Is Blindness - Jack White
I recommend you the soundtrack of this movie.

No Church In The Wild - Jay-Z & Kanye West - Watch The Throne

No, it's a wall.

I totally agree! Everything else was sensational! I just had a small problem with the directing. 

1:55 is that harry potter?

is it me or was tht Amitabh Bachan?!

Whats the name of the song at the start

Amazing movie!! Great acting!! If leo doesn't get an Academy for this one, I'll kill myself!!

this was really sad hahha I actually shed  a tear at the end 

IF HE DOESN'T WIN THE OSCAR I'M EITHER GONNA HIRE KANYE WEST or DO IT BY MYSELF STEPPING UP TO SAY "I'M SORRY BUT LEONARDO HAS THE BEST ACTING OF THE YEAR"

If you want to make a comment that people will take seriously, please refrain from using emoticons because it makes you look like you are offended and just biting back with venom.

Did i just see Amita Bhatchan?


Sadly it ends bad:(

DiCaprio needs to get an award. Hes like the best actor.

Jack White - Love is blindness

Jay z &Kanye West - No church in th Wild

Daisy = slut

what is the name of the first song of the beginning?

3marKiller


I just saw the movie and I loved it! It made me sad that he did this all for Daisy (the girl) and she didn't appreciate it :( but it was a great movie

I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It looks like the typical movies that Leonardo Di caprio does...which means great!!

He did all this for a girl who just tossed him to the side like dirty laundry. Truly sad. 

This movie was amazing

Such an underrated movie. Motherfucking critics!

What ruined this film are the music chosen for the parties in my opinion, it didn't make me feel that this happened in the 1920s

I think you dont know enough about movie or moviemaking to comment it like that . Eithr your an unsuccessfull pretty girl or a pumpous little kid :D And i didnt even see the movie. Just know ppl

YESSSS I LOOVE THIS 

I need to admit this as a guy.....in the movie....Leonardo looks awesome! An attractive man! 

horrible casting for the lead female role. what's her name, carey mulligan? she's hardly beautiful enough to play this role as there's nothing about her to draw you in. the role just wasn't believable because of her. too bad, otherwise it would have been a great movie.

The beginning song was No Church In The Wild, i love the beat and instrumental.

best movie 

Guys I am out of. Here ..this is never gonna end for me!!!!!

what is the song at 0:06?

Wow, I remember when I watched this and I cried so much. I just couldn't believe how much sadness and just sorrow this movie as brought me. And with Leonardo to be in it heightened the sadness even more. Beautiful tragedy i must say.

poor choice of music for this film, they should have used music suited for this era. other then that dicaprio is amazing as usual.

nice movie i really like the plot and makes me thinking to not support "affair"

???? ?? ?? ????????))

"No Church in the Wild" By Jay-Z feat. Kanye West

name of the first song in this trailer, does anybody know??? pls ..

Watched it the day it came out :D in 3D!

When Daisy said “Your life is adorable.” in the movie my heart skipped a couple of beats ,her voice is amazing

I watched this movie today at Theater , its Freakin awesome , the story is the best !

finally watch it the first 15mins was boring and odd to me, but i pulled through it. I wanted to turn it off so bad but  i knew Leonardo di caprio performance was going to been great.
He did awesome, he is no Robert Redford but he is Leonardo Di Caprio. different from the original cause the director deliver the story in a different way and to me the story it self changed like what the director want us to understand and feel.

I felt like a White person watching this Trailer and i am black.

Some of the music choices were very weird, like back to black. Its meant to be the roaring twenties, the jazz age!! Leonardo was brilliant as usual though.

Hi Can you tell me what you liked about the movie in greater detail? The book is my favorite book of all time but i havent given this movie a chance because it just doesnt look that good with their choice of music and stuff but didnt that bother you at all?

novel is very good and  i am shocked after watching movie!!!!!! i knew it will be good movie but it is incredible good movie.
Leonardo is the best ever!!! 

This movie is so good, I just came back from the cinema today watching it

im surprised. my mom got shocked when she received the ipad3 from this website on behalf of me. dont think its funny, make sure you tell the address and email properly to send the giftbox. its worth a try here  >->  bit.ly/1b5Fe7u?=mmtdqr

Same here. Saw the 2000 one with Sorvino, but this one I didn't like his accent at all, esp the way he says old sport. Great visuals anyways.

You are correct

RIP, old sport :(

que te la meta


Kanye West & Jay-Z Feat. Frank Ocean - "No Church In The Wild", i think. c:

WHATS the  song on beginning?

Go Leooonardooo OSCAR OSCAR OSCAR!

The movie is far worse than the trailer. A movie  with some beautiful pictures and sounds...a real Babylonia, nothing else. If this carnival is considered a great film, better watching MTV, I do not even need two hours to see great pictures and sounds .

Great movie, just watched it and I loved it!

SONG NAME : Jack White - Love Is Blindness

this film was alright, kind of underwhelming. i guess i expected too much 

And the thought never occurred to look through the comments because you're the not first person who asked that

U need to watch it in HD honey ;)

because he is not mason


Music?

I love this movie so much!!  Love to see the classic-books on film. And done with a bit of a twist but still true to the story.

I have seen this movie 6 times and I can never get annoyed with it I love this movie it's a piece of art

has anyone check this website out?

i saw the classic and read one page of the book , I think i ready to watch 2013 Great Gatsby hopefully its better then the original.

Definetly.Since Inception, I watch every movie he plays in without asking myself if it'd be a great one ;)

What if Kristen Steward would be in this emotional movie.... I would kill myself... or just stick to the book instead.

You* duh, distracted by a wet DiCaprio!

"...I'm certainly glad to see as well" I could watch that bit all day long! <3

AMAZING. AMAZING movie,

This was purely a masterpiece.

I am...just blown away. I cannot wait to watch this movie again.

I saw this movie just couple days ago, ye i'm not a huge movie fan but this one made me think about it a long time after. It was a good exprience.

"he's no Robert Redford?" Is that a question? Save your comments and rent a book on basic English. 

I watched the movie but I did not read the book so I was confused. Wen I read the book I bet I will have a better understanding

"His mother, Irmelin (née Indenbirken), is a former legal secretary; born in Germany,  DiCaprio's father is of half Italian (from the Naples area) and half German descent (from Bavaria). DiCaprio's maternal grandmother, Helene Indenbirken (1915–2008) was born Yelena Smirnova in Russia.[8] In a 2010 conversation with the Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, DiCaprio said that two of his grandparents were Russian."     I didn't know any of this...interesting mix... great actor!

I was on it just today in the cinema the audio and video was much clearer than in the trailer, youtube does this to videos :) it´ an amazing movie, really great. The best movie I´ve seen since Anna Karenina

Can someone tell me if this movie is supposed to have a weird old video and audio, or is it supposed to be like in the trailer?

This film is by far the closest adaptation to the novel I've ever seen. Far more relevant to the novel than Redford's. Not saying one actor is better than the other, just the film was adapted perfectly.

Love is Blindness by Jack White


If Leonardo does not win an Oscar IM GOING TO KILL SOMEONE

I thought this movie was going to meh, but i was actually suprised and enjoyed it

i have to watch this

BEST MOVIE EVER. SADDEST ENDING. LOVE THE WHOLE THING

That actor plays me well Old Sport and I think he should have an Oscar

"Because he is actually good at acting".

Hey! I'm Nicole.I did -30 lbs past 30 days.Visit aidadiet.com


What is the name of this song??


I remember they had us read this book in junior high, and it was so confusing. Totally inappropriate as assigned reading for teens. The "hero" was a business crook who had an affair.

he's no Robert Redford? Save your money and rent the classic version, if you're curious. The book wasn't all that, either

that dumb girl had to run into the freaking street

Baz is a post modernist. 

The Great Gatsby film looks brilliant! I've done a book review of it on my channel :)

If Leonardo doesn't win an Oscar i'm going to KILL someone!!!!! I SWEAR!!!

apart from skins fire this movie is another video im dying to see..

I saw it today it was awesome

What is the song in the trailer

After I got over the initial shock of all the rap and hiphop, I really got into it. I'm not a fan of modern music but it really worked for this film. 

I'm curious to know why :)

Definitely! All the techniques used, like the camera not focusing on one place for long made me feel agitated. 

leonardo deserves a fuc king OSCAR for this...

In the comments I see Leonardo Dicarpio, jay z, Gatsby etc. but I feel Ya'll forgetting the man behind this master piece F. Scott Fetzgerald.

they were trying to give the movie a modern vibe i think

Great movie. Unjustly criticized. Critics, get a REAL JOB. Please.

yes, you're the only one


How in the world does Leonardo DiCaprio not have an Oscar yet? He is the only actor that makes me emotional in every single movie that he's in. That shows how great he is. I can not wait for his next movie!

Thank you :)

It's not virus, it should be virus. WTF this is wrong

It's frank ocean bru

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild

what's the first song?


omg y are u ruining the movie for others??? wow...

too bad gatsby died at the end...

From the asshole who ruined Shakespeare and filled a period piece with cheap pop songs comes another mediocre film that bastardizes early 20th century literature.

it only must fit 

movie of the year

yes you are

or go to onechannel ( google it One CHannel free movies ) and don't do any surveys and watch movies for free, and its legit. derpy.

Old sport

dude, its to show that music of our era was similar to the music of that era, and how it was enjoyable to the audience of that time as it was to ours

I swear to god, if I had a dollar for everytime he said "old sport".....

Best movie i ever saw! I adore it:')

THE SONGS ON THE MOVIE ARE REALLYYYYYYY AWESOME ! 

Seen it leaked online here
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
The movie is in HD!

I swear if Leonardo doesn't win an Oscar Im going to KILL SOMEONE

Who is singing at 0:11? It's Akon?

This movie sucked big time, old sport. But I'm sure you guys loved it, in between a romantic comedy (chick flick) and a vampire horror. Django urinated on this one from all angles, from the music, to the cast, directing etc.

@Julia S nice analysis! I have a tendency to overanalyse movies too haha! But this movie was lovely

Leo looking good in cream old sport x

i totally cried at the end, and not because Gatsby and Daisy and the irony and all that, but the mere fact that NONE of the characters, or anybody in the movie, cared for one another. Gatsby didn't even care that much for Daisy, his sole purpose was creating this great Dream he had conceived. It really echoes humanity. (ok it's summer not english, i'll stop now)

I watched the movie because Jack White :)

Guys you need to check out his new movie!
/watch?v=H0xv12kZpOU

fake. bullshit

The movie gave me chills for the first time

Shut up Ned. You're dead. 

Beautiful film, just came back from the cinema. Have to admit, the ending pissed me off, never hated a fictional character as much! Incredibly tragic, The soundtrack was the best thing about it in my opinion. Leo, as always, so beautiful. The chemistry between him and Tony was magnificent. Daisy really angered me though, gosh, what an ungrateful bitch! SPOILER:The scene when a certain someone got shot made everyone in the cinema jump! Even though it was expected, it was orchestrated beautifully.

A wonderfull movie, old sport :)

extremly good movie. I saw it today and it was very good. I watched the movie here
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD?=full
Like if this is helpful!

while i was watching the movie... i missed Jack Dawson!!!

That was the best film I've seen since a long Time . So great!! AMAZING!!!!!

This was one of my favourite things about the whole movie :) I love the profound, disjointed class it gives the feeling of Gatsby's parties and the film overall. It really was quite a clever move.

nope. the 20s had amazing music and the fact that they passed up an opportunity to showcase it is mindboggling.

and to substitute with kanye west? a travesty!

to me Arturo Langdon this movie is the best of the year and one of my favorite movies of all time. The movie has an awesome story line, awesome actors, awesome visual effects , unbelievable music, and i personally think that is time to give a well earned oscar to Leonardo DiCaprio.

The soundtrack has rap music in it, (they were trying to be more modern). In the 1920's jazz music was look down on by adults but loved by the young. Just like when rap music came into the music scene, younger people loved it while adults hated it. 

awesome movie, I saw it today here:
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
TBS UP if it worked!

Nice movie, old sport

same, that's warner bros making sure they hit all the demographics. I wouldnt be too worried about trying to get kids to see this movie through, its required reading in most schools. They might not be buying movie tickets to see it but most kids would watch it long before they ever picked up the book to read.

How do I thumbs up, capitalized Leonardo DiCaprio or normal Leonardo DiCaprio!?

am i the only one who thinks its weird to put a kanye west song when the movie is about the 1920's?

They made it look to modern.. That's why critics are hating it

Ahhhh the roaring 20's when partying was way better than what ever youngsters call partying today.

kanye west - no church in the wild

I love the great gastby

Love is blindness

what's that song?

Party like gatsby

now now don`t fight old sport 

No church in the wild - jay z


whats the song in the first 40secs of the vid?

I saw a bit of the movie, Is this movie supposed to have this old video effect?

0:11

unrealistic

This trailer does a damn well good job of portraying the movie. I love it!

Damn this movie is massive
& leonardo oh god he always play with my emotions makin me in a strange world like im livin in a illusion leo my man yr a living legend from first movie i saw u in it i knew u will destroy the world
I JUST CANT GET ENOUGH NEED MORE MOVIES 

Love is Blindness - Jack White (Cover of U2)

01:12 mus?c ?

new favourite movie

and he dream´s he´s an aviator and crashes the plane into a beach with a police officer trying to kill him for being with the mob, a guy only known as "romeo".

I guess he was sick of being a hero all the time..

If you're getting "romance" or "love" from this story, I'm afraid you didn't actually understand what you were watching. 

0:30 Achilles Davenport?

kanye west and jay z - no church in the wild

OMG ! This movie is perfect. Perfect tragedy. I totally loved it. What a man can do for the girl that he loves

  One man’s dream – the dream that set him above us all. The dream too bold to be put aside and too honest to be accepted by many. The supreme dream that makes a man an ecstatic lunatic in the eyes of a lethargic crowd. The dream of love. 

One of the best movies i've ever watched. If you haven't watched it yet, you should because it's really worth of it :))

Well I read the book,  and it is pretty close to it.  I thought the plot and feel of the movie was nice as well.  Although Leo is awesome too ^^

Stellar observation... 

"Happy Together" by Filter I googled your question but it doesn't sound the same what you think ?

Thanks!!!Thank you sooooo much!!!!<3<3<3

Thaks but I know it I ask for the one from 0:06 till 0:36 Love is Blindness is from 0:49 till the end.....If you could tell me...

I thought it was amazing.

I didn't like it

Just read the book now i'm ready for the movie!

The movie was great i loved it!

Name of the song at the begginning?

"No Church In The Wild" by Jay-Z

The 20s were a new, a different era. According to the book stuff like that indeed took place. 

I've watched it 2 weeks ago. It was amazing. This movie is a masterpiece, just like the book. I loved it so much, I even sat and watched the credits. 

The trailer doesn't say anything about the plot damnit!!

Its Jack White covering U2''s "Love is Blindness" here is an awesome version from U2 live in Sydney /watch?v=UOJcQ48xLIw

Ok maybe YOU thik this is boring and you can tell your opinion but  now you must respect my opinion as I respected yours(altough i think that Great Gatsby is an amazing movie)Well you don't know about movies Gatsby is a movie that can make you cry and laugh at the same time.+1 who agrees with me?

can someone plese tell me the name of the song that the trailer begins??(Party) Please Please......

Iranian regime** ugh** OK whatever post what you want. I don't care..

Why am I supposed to care if they like my opinion?
Is this the iranien rejeem?
Will I be stoned or shot like that Muslim kid that said he doesnot belive in Muhamad?
Ogh please...

Ok, that's fine. Post what you want. But as you can already tell, people are loving your comments!

Then what is the point of the REPLY field?
I can say whatever I wish and say my opinion whithout asking for anyone else's permision.

It doesn't matter if you speak English or not, if you don't want to watch, don't post pointless comments on trailers that other people may want to see.

Great movie, Acting was solid,  soundtrack really took away from the overall impact.  This could have been a cult classic.  The soundtrack alone took the cool, timeliness out of the movie.   I guess that is what you should expect when a non-musical ass clown like JayZ is one of the executive producers.  Nearly ruined it for me;   Thank god for Leo being in it. 

Love is Blindness From U2!   :3!

English is not my mother language.
If you are judging my opinion by my typing errors, then you are a complete AH...
How many languages do you speak?...

yes, yes very cool comment

whats the name of the song in the trailer


well your opinion is clearly of great value, from someone who can't even spell *boring

I honestly can't comprehend why people liked this movie. Leo's GREAT talent has been completely wasted on this movie, which was full of anachronistic crappy music and had "forceful public likeability" written all over it. I can't possibly be the only person out there that has this opinion. It's based on one of the literary gems of our time and at least should have been a magnificent mistake, in stead it is simply a failure. Don't let the nice scenery fool you.

The movie is awsome, i love it... Great story, great actor, great music.. Perfect

Looks boaring as hell

They wont give Dicaprio and oscar because he is not that great actor really. He has fans and stuff because he is a little bit different but he isn't that "good".

maybe u should becoz they never gonna , and after this .......... please.

[Muffled rap music playing in the distance]

I didn't mind the music actually when I watched the movie, but I was wondering the same thing originally.  If it was me, I would have looked into the Electronic Swing genre cause it has that older feel while being new and relate-able.  Stuff like the song they used in a recent Chev Commercial (Booty Swing - Parov Stellar or Pony - Deluxe, not sure which one was used in the commercial).  But that is my opinion.

when did this movie come out ?


"hey guys, what kind of music should we use for gatsby"
A. Big Band
B. Swing Jazz
C. ELECTRO-POP.
which would you choose and why the fuck did they go with C

ok so leonardo di caprio is on the titanic and he steals the girls diamonds, fakes his death and flees to new york to become gatsby using the money from the necklace, then he realizes that life was false and he is really insane on shutter island which is all really a dream within a dream.

Don't actually think he was that good in this.. Love him and think his a great actor but I could tell he was acting in this, with Toby I couldn't, his parts looked real.

No Church In the Wild- Jay-Z, Kanye West, Frank Ocean & The Dream

*the music, and everything was great! xD  i loved Gatsby(leonardo di caprio) lol

Anyone know the song from the beginning?


I seriously love this movie! It was better than the book, all the characters made a great job! the music,

awesome movie! Watch it here: vnur.gu.ma

What's the last song

Someone correct me if I am wrong, but I think the modern music is meant be a bit of a clever twist to bring it into this century. In my opinion it worked very well.

omg is that her!? I saw the film the other day and didn't realize haha. Thought she looked familiar.

So the weeping angels got Sally Sparrow at last. 

This movie is so trash i couldn't watch the hole thing.... ps how can it take place in 1920s but music is from 2013...  I give it two thumbs down

Leo is so fucking talented. Any movie with him in it already has a 50% chance of being great. Loved his performance in Shutter Island.

Daisy is a fucking bitch !! 

one of the best movies i've seen. but that bitch daisy really needs to die

better go get the machete

Sour deezal, soundtrack?


Gostei. A obra é centrada em um misterioso e excêntrico milionário americano dos anos 20.Ele tem um objetivo atrair um grande amor.Muito bom

 ..enjoyed!!!... DiCaprio - the  talent from God! .. the feelings of the protagonist..,  vibrations of the soul...  ..enjoyed!!!...  Thanks for the Masterpiece!!!!

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild

WHAT IS THE FIRST SONG ? 


fuck off.

see this movie old sport once again leo was amazing

This movie depressed me, but Leo was amazing!

Hi guys here this question (I'm from Ukraine)! What would niggers on convertible toured the Brooklyn Bridge in 27?!, Up to 50 years Negro forbidden sits on the horse!

Yes, but I think that DiCaprio is the best Gatsby ever played. For example Redford as Gatsby looked like a real aristocrat, but in the book, as we well know, Gatsby is a "pseudo" and Leo played that perfectly! I will not be exaggerating if I say that he deserves an Oscar!

They did the same thing in Django Unchained. Inserting songs from the present era into a movie which is supposed to take place many decades ago in the past. Music is what creates and sustains the mood of a movie. You can kill the mood of an entire movie with one song.  These music supervisors must have missed a few important classes when learning about what music to install into certain films.

Why on earth would they use current Hip Hop music in a film dated in the 1920's? Dont get me wrong, I love Jay-Z's music and Hip Hop in general, but c'mon people. This totally took away from the old world feeling you're supposed to get when watching a movie like this.  Instead of feeling like you are transported to the 1920's while watching, I was reminded that we are in the 21st century every time they played a Hip Hop song.  On another note,  Lana Del Rey is just amazing. I still lovedthemovie

film is a really good time

I find this Luhrmann intepretation of F. Scott Fitzgeralds novel a little too garish. The roaring 20's were a garish period and accentuating it more is personally over the top. Jack Clayton's 1974 version (with Redford, Farrow and Waterson) has a dream-like, sedateness to it that really delivers the contrast of the moral dilemma that was the essence of the novel.
    

from the trailer they made the movie much more grand than the book....

I want more how good was it, the twist the msgs, everything done well I WANT MORE!!!!!!!!!

so?

Kanye West & Jay Z "No Church In the Wild"

10/10 recommend watching

If you like this trailer, I don't blame you, just don't watch this film as it is a miscarriage to America's greatest piece of literature. Which idiot thought Toby was the right person to cast for Nick? Did they lose Joseph Gordon-Levitt's number? I actually think he's a perfectly nice guy, but If I wanted to watch a retard gawp at something I'd just do more charity work... 

Someone can tell me what's the first song?

Take a look at this - full movie in HD version at:
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
thumb up if you watched it there too!

This isn't coming out on Christmas

Haha, jk - I've not even seen it yet :3

Need to be fit and slim? Try our slimming tea. At a very affordable price. See the result after 1week. For inquiries txt 09232249482 and 09066337358.

Love is Blindess - Jack White (U2 Cover)

Autotuneeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

A great storyline. Simple yet entertaining. Leo is distinctive!!!! 

WIll you still love me when i'm no longer young and beautiful??????? 

HD?

the interpretation of tom buchanon is PERFECT!! oscar please..

This is one of the best trailers ever made, but the movie is not even average.

Never ever trust girls ... The best movie for me

what a girl. shame on these celebrities. kareen kapoor shouldnt have slapped a senior actor in public. she must be mad.

i could find the clip here   => bit.ly/13cgKUj?=fuhgi

Damn right Old Sport

That's the reason why i watch the movies at the release date .__. idiots everywhere

If they dont give dicaprio an oscar i will go and kill them

What a Movie

DiCaprio dies at the end.

SPIDERMAN!!!!!!!

Im never trusting a bitch again.

(SPOILER) Daisy is a bitch.


Then what the hell did I pay to watch yesterday...?

I watched it on May 11th, so I'm sure it is out

Personally I think they should've picked someone else as Daisy, Carey Mulligan doesn't really do it for me..... 

i fckn hate Daisy, such a bitch :(

Great movie Old Sports

no Gatsby dies

Jay Z - Kanye West - No Church In The Wild carnal!

Cual es la cancion que suena en el trailer

Leonardo SUPERB, TOby great, female characters zzzzzzzz...male clothes FANTASTIC, female clothes so cheap looking (were they at least made in USA or came from asia for 5 cents?)...music was cool, but I would prefer old fashion stuff form that time for more charm and depth...loved Baz's previous movies, this one was not so amazing...ok, Leonardo was truly at his best and made this movie enjoyable at the end...

who still gives a shit about reputation?

Well..... Miss Buchanan was a bitch

He so deserves a fucking Oscar.

It is out...

love is blind


What is the name of song in 1:10?:D

Take a look at this guys - full movie in HD version at:
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
Thumb up if it worked!

what does he say at 0:25? restlessness impushed hysteria?

Dessie should die


kanye west & jay z no church in the wild

1550 people do not believe me, old sport.

really?!? spoiler?!? are u serious? u would have read the book at some point of your school life! if not do what @Diego Rodriguez suggested and quick! 

Jay z and Kanye West - No Church In The Wild


What's the first song please ? :) x

Gatsby got shot in the back while waiting for daisy's call, she never called him it was Nick who called him, daisy left with tom.. thats why Nick is disgusted in the beginning AMAZING MOVIE

the book is 88 years old, if you don't know the ending by now then..

What a powerful message. It was wonderful seeing the movie after reading the book ages ago so I had forgotten the plot. The characters you question in the beginning are revealed so powerfully by the end. Loved the movie!

OOOOMMMMGGGGG i watched it today in cinema 
the BEST movie of my life BY FAR. i am still in shock
top class acting story and of course Di Caprio  i jst love him

great movie its a shame that Gatsby got killed at his pool and Daisy betraying him by not going to his funeral and preferring tom ............ ohhh yeah spoiler

Great book and movie! I covered Young and Beautiful from this movie if you want to look at it!

i watched it didn't wanna go but thank god i went one of the best movies i ever watched wowo what a movie what a fucking movie if you didn't watch it you better do wont regret starts a bit slow then what a movies   

The party scenes were AMAZING!

absolutely loved that movie 

was so good!!!!!!!

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
WatchTheGreatGatsby.blogspot.com

Bioshock

Its not the fact that she didn't get with Gastby. Its how (SPOILER) when she hit that woman she let Gastby take the blame resulting in his death, and that bitch even had the audacity to not even show up to his funeral! I see why Cannaray left the city in disgust!

I saw the movie yesterday and absolutely fell in love with it :) <3

I can't trust baz luhrman after that awful Romeo and Juliet movie...

except it wasn't exactly love.He did fall in love with her at first but what kept him holding on was the motivation Daisy gave him.

But then again what's love who knows?

STUPID FUCKIN WHORE

Hope it's just a troll and not a damn spoiler

FUCKIN PIECE OF SHIT

Best movie I'v seen in a long while... Well done Baz :)

GREAT MOVlE
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\b0o20
goo.gl\b0o20

i'm here because of lana del rey

Though Daisy striked me as a bitch, you are leaving out that she has a KID. Would you actually be cruel enough to leave your own daughter for another man? And Daisy herself has a reputation. 

If all men loved like gatsby

Saw that movie about an hour ago, That bitch deserves no lesser of a punishment.

no, but i was wondering because im not a grownup im 13 and my dad didnt want me to see it if there was but i saw it anyway

What if there were sexual content? Would it bother you? I assume you're a grownup. It shouldn't bother a grownup, right? Oh, and there's enough sexual content for a teenager to cope with so it's okay when your kids want to watch it or I don't know why you asked that question. 

Best movie I've ever seen . Cried so much when he died tho

I agree ! Daisy does need to die , for what women in her right mind would throw away a man like him .. He's Gatsby..

whats the song at 1:17 ?

dont understand the hate I liked it

Thumps up if you think the book always better than the movie.

I just saw that movie yesterday. It was pretty good but the blonde chick, Daisy.... Needs to die

No Church in the wild 

Kanye west - no church in the wild


is there sexual content in this?

Wtf? 

great movie

If you want the better trailer song edited to in my opinion sound better in high quality then check out my video. Just copy and paste: Filter- Happy Together(Director's Cut) - HQ 
in the youtube search bar. You wont regret it.

no church in the wild jay z and kanye west

how is gatsby mysterious and never-seen if he appeared on newspaper? that part is not from the book. they should think properly before adding their own scenes

Jack Dawson survives the sinking titanic. Sells the heart of the ocean blue diamond and becomes a millionaire. He then reinvents himself as Gatsby
o.O

Great!

Jack white - Love is blindness

The Great Gatsby: The story of a man who finds in life, the one thing he wants more than anything, money can't buy. 

why does this "complete one free offer to watch the movie" keep on showing?!

This Gatsby has everything it needs to be the best of the five movie versions (except the Redford/Farrow), if ALL of the denouement from the Plaza Hotel on is re-edited by a real pro.

This Gatsby has everything it needs to be best of the five

amazing film..

Jay z and Kanyle West no church of wild the song was owned by safe house 

lol stfu

I just saw the movie. I thought it was excellent.

spoiler bitch!!!

I know, you do look like crap

Looks crap..

yes

I loved this movie

You are great...Gatsby!!

The film was amazing !!!! I saw it!!! Leornado you are so amazing and beautiful!! ....you are my favourite actor!!!! I love you!!! You have amazing eyesss!!! But why you die???? In the titanic film you die .... in this film you die!!!WHY?? I want happy ending.....But you are the best for me!!!

The movie was amazing. They just about added everything from the book into the movie....considering its only like 200 pages. Leos performance as Gatsby was spot on

of course not wtf? do you read comics before watching iron man, dark knight, spiderman? do you read harry potter before watching the movies? do you watch every novel/book based movie after reading the book? 

you know you should have read the book before you think about watching this right?

I can't stand Daisy

spoil the movie
Based on the most famous and celebrated novel of american literature.
You just veryfied your ignorance

EPIC FlLM
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.glxeTY
goo.glxeTY

that was the original release date but they pushed it back to may :( had to wait an extra 5 months lol.

What song is this?

Leo has 100 different faces. He is truly one of the best actors of this century. I do not get it, why he did not get an Oscar yet.... and he is damn hot too! 

No Church in the Wild <3

Its " no church in the wild" kanye

what's the first music in the trailer??? I don't find this

awesome! does it come with viruses too?!!!??!?

DID U HEAR?
THE ENTlRE LEEKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\Nu6Wt
goo.gl\Nu6Wt

Titanic sequel

So is this movie about hair styling gel?

which is the song?


he said he was gonna watch it

Daisy is such a bitch, one of my personal favs

no church in the wild by: frank ocean ft. jay z 

Seen this movie today amazing!!!! Love it

whats the first part trailers song ? 

thank you

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
WatchTheGreatGatsby.blogspot.com

You're missing out on an amazing movie then.

This trailer had convinced me NOT to waste my money and watch the movie. Thank you.

feels like i waited forever to see this movie.. finally saw it yesterday. was so amazing! 

Need a Part Time Job that suits your TIME!? For inquiries txt 09232249482 & 09066337358

Loved this movie

Looks shitty, and why the fuck did they use modern music? Why did they CG Gatsby's Rolls Royce? Fucking stupid..

That movie was sooooooo gay

I saw the movie yesterday really sweet , perfect and soft movie I love it the soundtrack amazing

You do know you don't have to spoil the movie, right?

I loved the movie interpretation and I understand the effort of using the soundtrack to show the parallels between modern day and the 1920s but I just cant say I like it.  The other thing is the strange cinematic choices... they were a bit too weird for me... If you love the book I would just say be aware of the fact that it is a Baz Luhrmann movie and he is known for his abstract interpretations haha 

I prefer the Martin Scorcese version with Vincent Chase

oh my God i want him.

love is blindness - jack white

what is the song on the final?

WHERE IS HIS OSCAR

Saw it yesterday.. this movie is perfection.

Ehe, reminds me of my AS exam -.-

From this trailer I have no idea what the movie is about, And I love it!

LOL I'm glad I already watched the film cos you just spoiled the final...

no church in the wild by kanye west and jay-z

What is the age rating (12a,12,15 etc ) in uk coz I can't find it if you can reply thank you:)

Seen this movie online here
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
TBS UP if this is helpful!

Movie is such perfection!!!!

the great oldsport

amazing movie, i loved it. ah ending was sad :\ even though gatsby could give up on the whole world just because of her, that bitch daisy didn't even bother herself to go to his funeral 

I assume you're referring to the song playing through till the end? Love is Blindness by Jack White.

;C

I read this book a few years back in English class then we watched the original movie and I loved them both. I have to say that this remake is really different in many ways. I wont hint at any of them, neither would I say that it was a terrible movie. I didn't really like it all that much but that is only my opinion.

It was a good movie. I think it's one of those movies that I need to see again. Can't say that about every movie.

i want to go watch this movie againnn

Name of the end half of the trailer ???

you are acting, noone can be as stupid as that

what a perfect movie! good lord!and dicaprio is so handsome too, maguire as well! totally in love with them both :P you people should deffinately go watch this :)

Grab The great gatsby theme for windows 7 and windows 8 @extreme7(dot)com/2013/05/the-great-gatsby-wallpapers-and-theme-for-windows-7-8.html

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
WatchTheGreatGatsby.blogspot.com

I was ready to slay this film, seriously, but instead,  I was totally blown away... 
It was just brilliant. Absolutely, unequivocally a masterpiece. 

I thought that the music in the trailers were just to allure the younger generation and that the soundtrack would be more classical. I was surprised when they had altered the modern songs of today and used them. It made it more relateable  and added a trippy sense to the whole film. I loved it... Leo and Toby were actually hilarious paired together in very subtle ways. <3

I looooveee how the trailer doesn't give away anything!

their parties were better than ours.

OMG,did you even SEE the movie?

scumbag 

It's about the mysterious man Gatsby and his efforts to hold grand parties in his mansion to whom all of New York may attend. His true goal of hosting these parties is to attract the attention of his true love in hopes of reuniting with her. However, she's married. Her cousin is Tobey Maguire's character and he befriends Gatsby. Gatsby wishes to use this to his advantage. That's all I'll say but holy mother of God this movie was amazing. 

really? I thought the trailer was awesome...

such a good movie long and confusing but amazing had me crying like a baby!<3


What's the movie actually about? Looks good but I don't get it? :P

This was a fantastic movie! Especially the introduction of Gatsby to the fanfare of Rhapsody in Blue, perfect Roaring 20s intro.

no church in the wild 

no church in the wild kanye west ft jayz, frank ocean

you are kidding right? i see that you are a stupid bastard from the things you write, you are so annoying omg

Amazing Movie!!


I thought the trailer was shit, but I heard a lot of people enjoyed the film so I went to see it and omg I loved it so much! Worth seeing!:)) never been a fan of Leo but now I love him, such a great actor and a touching movie :)

This movie was very good. Not a dull moment and that's saying something cause it was over 2 hours. Tobey was great as usual and Leo was just epic as always.

first song:No Church In The Wild



you can watch this movie online in HD here ---> bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD <----
thumb up if you watched it there too!

Whats the name of the opening song of the trailer?

it's a song by  Jay Z , but i forgot the name of the song ......

i watched it , it was awsomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

whats its name or first song?


Great movie, can't imagine the novel being abbreviated into 2 hours any better.

I know this book very well. I was prepared to hate the film , but I was totally blown away. It was brilliant. Di Caprio was incredible.

Compared to the book this was poor, was a decent film though

Love this movie, watched it online at thegreatgatsbyfree[DOT]blogspot[DOT]se/2013/05/watch-great-gasby-online.html !!

Jack White

U2 Cover.....Love is Blindness-by Jack White

Greatest movie this year by far


I love this

Such a good movie !! Now in my favorites of movies! "old sport"

Lana del Rey!

IT WAS AWESOME
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\GhK07
goo.gl\GhK07

Tobey made a surprisingly good Nick. I never would have guessed it.

No one cares idiot.

Carey Mulligan was the perfect Daisy, just how I imagined her

"So you wanna go to a REAL party?"

Gatsby.!! what Gatsby?

Awesome movie. :)

Jack White - Love is blindness

song name: No Church In The Wild
Artist:Jayz

what is the nameof this song

i know, the movie jsut stopped halfway tough, the could easily have shortened with like an hour. 

Man with cool shirts :) 

Jack white :)

Awesome movie; true to the book as well.

*right corner, unless you're watching the trailer on mirror

Best movie ever, i thought the music fit perfectly for the themes. 1920's musix was smooth but Gatsbys parties weren't thats why it fits...also as leo himself said "jazz was the hip hop of that time period"

"All right... I'm glad it's a girl. And I hope she'll be a fool--that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool."
- F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby, Ch. 1

Why is there an apple logo in the lower left corner ?

you forgot to say old sport....     

Who made the cover of U2's Love is Blindness?

Church In the Wild - Kayne West

Whats the song called in the begining?

this was the best movie ive ever seen.

MrElpelusa123, the song is Love is Blindness by Jack White

can some one tell what song is the one that starts around 1:10

This movie was great, old sport.

When i saw plenty of traillers..and i didn't practicly understanded the trailers,but i was still interested in seeing it...Yesterday..I saw it.

MAN I LOVED IT.And yes once i saw it,i finally understud

Tobey Miguire is the best actor in the world

Read the book years ago I feel like I should read it again before I watch this version of the movie... 

Absolutely brilliant film!

this movie was terrible nobody should ever see it. Jay-Z needs to go back to his wife and let her lip synch every song she does for now until ever

I absolutely love the great gatsby´s soundtrack, amazing songs 

hahaha omg seriously? I bet you`re just a little piece of shit;), honestly i feel sorry for people like you...

this movie destroys the inexplicable spirit that comes up when reading the book. besides it is sad to see that thousands of bling bling girlies conquer the cinemas around the world only to see di caprio...=> commercial crap. the great gatsby solely exists in the book!!!

That's ok the first spoiler came out 88 years ago

Saw it yesterday. Awesome, awesome, awesome!

really good movie
kinda sad 4 da girls to watch - DeRp 
SPOILER
J.Gatsby 
Dies R.I.P 
AND the girl with blond hair is a cow?

Wow a somewhat more sparkling film than the last remake of The Great Gatsby

It thrills me out...

there is a zebra in the pool 0:18

Great movie

it's awesooomee, I loveeed it

really good movie.... !


IF you can not wait just watch this movie here:
bit.ly\TheGreatGatsbyHD
TBS UP if you watched it there too!

love is blindness- jack white (u2 cover)

i had my share of Daisys in my liffetime :/

yes

Daisy you little bitch... Gatsby was so great!

Fantastic movie, wonderful acting, great soundtrack and wonderful scenery. Must see. Luhrmann's movie is always stylish and specific.

Anachronism gone rampant. What a horrible waste of a timeless story. :'C

I hate this soundtrack. It's just so off tune.

Is that movie worth downloading?


That's not actually the reason he used hip hop. I can't remember the specific reason but it had something to do with the way the book portrayed certain parts, he felt that jazz didn't do the job by it self. 

I LOVE Leo, but this was an awful "movie" if a movie is supposed to chronicle characters, narrative, plot, motivation, irony, and bittersweet lessons.  I felt icky watching it.  I am an English teacher of a certain age so I have solid expectations -- this was not GATSBY but a frothy and annoying music video.  Oh, well.  

Read the book?????


BUT... there is so much good music of that era that it feels cheap to ignore it.  Hip hop can't compete with "What'll I do."  This movie was a music video.  It didn't work for me because the story of Gatsby is, like all good stories, character driven.  GATSBY the character was lost in the fuzz and lights.


YOU SHUT YOUR DIRTY LITTLE MOUTH!!!!!

Jack White  "Love is Blindness"

Whats the song called?



Não perco este filmaço por nada!!!

You didn't understand a single second of the movie. Try read the book and you might understand the criticism behind all this glamour. It is almost a satire

Daisy you fucking bitch


I just watched this movie, it was AWESOME

see ya ol' sport

the first song*

whats the first that you hear in the trailer called ?

Love this movie to much.. So sad at end.. I HATE DAISY!!

it works out awesome movie

still doesn't change how out of place the music was in the movie

I ABSOLUTLY LOVE IT. I watch it in 3D, its an amazing movie, the acting, the soundtracks, photography... I dont get the bad critics, I think is gonna be an Oscar candidate in some categories.. Dont miss it people!!

what the name of the songs?

Wow spiderman high and shit, thinks he is in the 1920's

Okay, cheers for that.

Just seen it yesterday, It was good. I read the book in highschool and watched the original 70's back then. Both are AMAZING!

le film est bien réalisé mais certains passages trop longs et la fin est trop triste 


definitely ! :)

Everything Baz Luhrmann touches turns to gold.

Leonardo DiCaprio is a ball-licking believer of the global warming myth.  He sucks.  So does this movie.

Okay i went and saw the movie and It was Amazing! Don't listen to what the others are saying because Leo, and Toby played beautifully in the movie! And as for the music, people say it didn't go well with the movie, but SURPRISINGLY IT DID.
THE TRAILER MAKES THE MOVIE NOT LOOK VERY INTERESTING BUT IT WAS AMAZING.

Just watched it, I gotta say I got disappointed

Coming this christmas ? Wuuut

Honestly the trailer is better than the movie
Still a good movie but I was disappointed :(

I hate Daisy.

can someone please tell me what the songs are I really want to know what they are!
Thanks to whoever tells me

The soundtrack just ruined it.

amazing movie, loved it

Nope, she didn't like it... Could've been me though, I mean, even I thought it was good. 

the soundtrack....

Perfect perfectness of the perfection

yesss for suree!!!! XD ;p :P

conveyed*

Have you read the book or not?

everyone are talking about dikaprio but i think personly toby was better

Amazing movie. I want to see it again and again. I love Leonardo DiCaprio.

i had goosebumps and was so tense when it got closer to the ending!
great film!

i just saw it tonight. really good film!
don't listen to all the negative/mixed critic reviews out there.

Spidermaaaaaaan :D

To Modern ears big band Jazz sounds very quaint. If the director had used that music it would not have convey to a modern audience the excitement of the "swinging twenties". Before Jazz young people were waltzing, then came Jazz and they went wild. Baz choose hip-hop and other modern genres to convey the feel of something new and innovative, the way Jazz must have sounded and felt to young people of that era.

This movie was so boring ): I'm sorry but it was. The people around me and I were yawning half the time. The soundtrack was amazing though, I gotta say, it was really haunting, even though it was pretty contemporary.

So did they have sex?

Am i the only one that say "this christmas" at 1:11

I adored this movie and I will totally pay again to watch it! Just fantastic!

creates movie based in the 1920s... uses a musical genre that didnt popularize until the 90s... 

woow lot of people add you because of that stupid name oooh how amazing!! like shut the fuck up and leave youtube?

the fuck are you talking about? It released 2013 dimwit

oh it is the gatsby film of last year. i have watched this years one. (correct 2012 dear uploader)

lmao! Good one.

Please gives this film 10 / 10 in IMDB

It's waaay better and closer to the novel than the 1974 one. Fuck critics!

omg, i can't wait to watch this great movie

yes

OMG ITS SPIDERMAN

Great movie

How does it compare to the book?

You've sold me.

a sex position called the gatsby where you stare longingly at your partner from a distance and scream old sport when you climax.

Kanye West & Jay Z - No Church In The Wild

Love is Blindness


What's the name of the song 0:00 ->

Real life is also boring.

This film is simply amazing!!!! 10/10!

HD?

Baz Luhrman's a genius

Good movie to take a girl on a date to see?

10,000,000 in one day!?

Best movie old sport ;D

HEY look a free virus, now my life is complete -.-

this movie was as original as an episode of Boardwalk Empire

leo <3

I loved the movie! So dreamy, and beautiful! It does have a sad and shocking ending. 

Play this trailer with Earshot - Get Away.

To quote a friend of mine (who probably quoted someone else but I know not who):
"Alternate title for The Great Gatsby: I Am Uncomfortable With Your Personal Drama And I Want To Go Home: The Nick Carraway Story"

Me too!!!!!!!

i saw it best movie ive seen in my life ^-^

No its a story about love in 1922 :D i love this movie

This is the most beautiful video ive seen in my life still hurts my heart on what happened in the end, i really really wish i was born in 1922 :/

'Monkey Business' has a special feature on 'The Great Gatsby' in MB S2E5 - A Mysterious Millionaire.

1518 people wanna "hd".

Just got home from watching this movie. Ignore the critics, this was fantastic, and Dicaprio as amazing as usual. I strongly recommend this film to people. 

it's a fine movie old sport ;)

Perfect movie!!

I second this comment ! :)

the one to watch, trust me!

read the fucking book first -.-

no she was not, she was just a dumb bitch that couldn't handle real life and is ready to drop people if they aren't always the perfect person she thought they were

perfect movie

I am soooo obsessed with this movie. I am litteraly in love with it.

And a coward. Don't forget that part.

the badst movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


"HD Movie Trailer". 480p. ???

this movie is perfeckt!!!! Love this movie 4ever!

WOW ! i watched it last night with my husband Oh MINE this was is insanely UNIQUE! so beautiful so PERFECT so DREAMY !   i cant explainnn words aren't enough for it....  it took us far away ~~~


I watched this movie and I have to say, this is the most amazing movie I have ever seen and is one of those movies that you have to see on the big screen

I had my doubts about this movie because they decided to use modern music for some reason but it's beautifully made and worth seeing on the big screen.

This film is not similar to The Aviator at all. These films's a common thing is only Leo is in both of there. lol.

How to be awesome:

1. Become Leonardo DiCaprio 
2. Don't give a fuck about anything

ive seen this yesterday and read the book last semester at uni. i am freacking IMPRESSED. there is not one part of the film that i dont like and that isnt accurate. if anything it makes the story shine even more. leo is absolutely amazing, one of the finest actors of our time!

this is not a chickflick. this is art. this is based on a literature classic. it is amazing and deep. and way less "chick flicky" than you'd think.

This is one of the most fashionable movies I have ever witnessed. In visual perspective, this movie is a masterpiece!

just another chick/gay flick and a so unAustralian

hmmm I almost feel asleep in the cinema watching this .... sorry its not my cup of tea

u dont say 

No thanks. I love Daisy and I chose to defend her. Sorry if that offends you.

Lana Del Rey ? 

nice movie

nice movie, i love it ;)

I think she was amazing

Wow, you set "Jay Gatsby" as your nickname...and then you say THAT? Sorry man, but go f*** yourself!

Holy Crap, surely wouldn't have thought it possible, but Leo DOES actually work pretty well as Gatsby it seems. Really excited to see this. 

Sergio Ramooos Watched This film 21/05/2013 <3

SERGIO RAMOS BROUGHT ME HERE!!!!!!!

RAMOS BROUGHT ME HERE! 

You've put that so eloquently, almost poetic. You get my up vote.

It was a great movie.

She did what she had to do to take care of herself. Sometimes you have to put yourself above others. 

First: the more CGI and shiny face-washings you give to a film's aesthetic, the less convincing and more repelling it looks.

Second: don't put AUTOTUNED SONGS over footage from a 1920s film.

it took a year for this wonderful movie to come out.. i wonder if that damaged the hype being pushed back to May 2013 instead of Christmas 2012?

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\pR02N
goo.gl\pR02N

First song - "No Church In The Wild" by Jay-Z, Kayne West, Frank Ocean and the second one - "Love Is Blindless" by Jack White ;)

No church in the wild jay z , kanye west feat frank ocean

What is the music in the early preliminary title??

Nice movie, Leonardo Di Caprio did great job, but the ending was a bit disappointing..

IT WAS AWESOME
THE FULL LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\NmMv8
goo.gl\NmMv8

but carey mulligan did great acting :D

daisy is a money-loving whore. thank u, i got that out of my system.

IT WAS AWESOME
THE FULL LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\NmMv8
goo.gl\NmMv8

toby McGuire sucked!!

agreed! The movie looks epic.

this movie had a lot of potential... but fell flat

Does anyone know the name of the song when Nick Carraway gets drunk for the second time in his life? Please! Can't find it anywhere!

where 


en donde ke pagina..?


this is the best movie ive seen in a long time

Beautiful movie. Makes your heart ache in the most perfect way

This Movie is Amazing.. again Great Role for Dicaprio.

EXCELLENT MOVlE
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\zhgKW
goo.gl\zhgKW

There's a special feature on 'The Great Gatsby' (2013) in 'Monkey Business' S2E5 - A Mysterious Millionaire.

Here are some other episodes for browsing - if you spot another episode you'd also like to watch, feel free to check it out, too. Have fun!

MB S2E4 - A $30,000 Question - Feature on the business of weddings
MB S2E3 - Mysteries and Diamonds
MB S2E2 - Death and Taxes
MB S2E1 - Mermaids Ahoy
MB S1E24 - The Real-Life Battle for Oz
MB S1E22 - Oscars Edition, also features 'Game of Thrones'

This movie is fantastic. If you go see it just let yourself be completely succumbed by the movie... Don't think about anything else because it really sucks you in. It blew me away... its fantastic.

The ending is exactly how I picture how the book would end

It's called Google, used it sometimes

no church in the wild

Best 2013 movie I've seen yet. I do not understand the critics.

Where is the spider man?
Fazendo papel secundário, idiota Tobey, você é o homem aranha. Achei que tinha resolvido a sua crise de personalidade no 2º filme.

I love book and i must see the movie :)

no church in the wild - Jay Z and Kanye West

so... what is the movie about

Gay Jetski..lol..

may know the name of the song which played during the 30 sec of the starting of the video................plz.............


just great great great!!!!!!! leo dicaprio breaking my heart since 1997.
music was out of this world. perfect. this deserves and oscar. 

EXCELLENT MOVlE
THE ENTlRE LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\aDgTQ
goo.gl\aDgTQ

OMG GIVE HIM THIS FUCKING OSCAR !!!!!

this deserves an oscar

i cried so hard at the end of this movie :$

god, this movie is awesome!!!! you have to watch it!!!  but i don't understand why it was 3D :\\

its too bad to ruin such a classical movie from 1974 (with the handsome  robert redford)
with the pretentiousness of our day :(

Leo will not get nominated here but i bet he will be in Wolf Of Wall Street

you will just curse yourself for not born during the roaring 20's...awesome presentation by Baz

He has been in the movie industry for more than 20 years now - give the man what he deserves! 
PS. 
Can't wait to see the movie!

Cool thanks! 

It will be out in NZ June 6

Oh yes I didn't really like those movies...Moulin Rouge wasn't bad..but I LOVE Romeo and Juliet, can't wait to see this movie! I don't think this is out in my country yet? :s 

Baz Luhrmann is the man!! He's done well with Leo before! 

Old sport


Best Movie ever<3333

Please please!!! produce movie like this again . With the same main actor. I love it!!! and I will keep following Leo Di Caprio's work. Thank you!!!!!!!!

Loved this movie

gooby pls


The first one is "No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye, and the one after that is "Love is Blindness" by Jack White. 

this movie was hnestly amazing and LEO just.. wow, outstanding 

What is Spiderman doing in this movie, screaming "..get the hell out of here!" and shi..

Glamour-Excess-Wealth-Opulence-Lavish-Luxury  

I might actually watch this and I don't want a whole lot of new movies.

OMG, THIS IS JUST PERFECT, AND AMITABH BACHCHAN IS IN IT!

catsby?

Just watched it last night. Very good movie. Leo needs to win an Oscar!

If Leo is rejected an Oscar we riot.



i love catsby

great 

What's the name of the first song?

I would like my boyfriend to dress like Jay! :)

The Best Movie...Just go n Watch..Just discover  Again Leo .. 

Tobey Maguire plays Tobey Maguire in everything he's in...

OMFG if Leo doesn't get an oscar this time shits gonna go down

The movie's great but the soundtrack is a shit. Nothing to do with 1922. BTW, I don't understand the Hollywood mania of putting the All Seeing Eye in every movie. Do they want free publicity from conspiranoic people?

When Leo is throwing his shirt to Carey Mulligan, his face looks exactly like in Titanic when he's dancing with Kate :-)

Agreed.

Oscar, NOW!

it looks like madness. in the best way

everybody is wasting your time posting comments about this movie! don't you want to get out of your house to see the beautiful sunshine? I work as a nurse and i'm doing something with my life. don't you want get a life???? 

SOO AWESOME!
THE ENTlRE LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\aDgTQ
goo.gl\aDgTQ

See it, the ones who say it ruined the book are the ones who pretend to be clever and pretend that all books are ruined by their movie counterparts in an effort to be controversial. It is a masterpiece, it's not a complete replica of the book but, nevertheless, told the story flawlessly.

read the book. just read it. you'll understand better. it's a classic novel, don't judge it please.

if you guys watch the other trailer that has fergie's song in it. it's. so. intense.
i guarantee it will make you want to watch it x 1000000

AAAHHHHHH!!!! I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE IT!!!!!

THANK YOU! someone understands the quality of this movie.

did you even watch the movie?

This movie is all about parties and people get drunk..Well it do not show real life in 1922 and even beonce music was used in it. Really crapp..


FUCKKKKKK Carey Mulligan of all the beautiful A list actors they could of picked they choose this bitch whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy !??????????? Anne Hathway at minimum like fuck 

:)

Jack White ---> d*_*b

Great great great ! A huge film !

no church in the wild

whats the name of the music?

The Best Movie of the YEAR!! 

My new favorite movie!<3


leonardo dicaprio was such an amzing actor in this movie.. when he got all angry in that house and he was yelling shut up and stuff i was actually scared of him for a second it was so real haha

i haven't seen this movie yet and trailer is worth £5 lol

I will not tolerate Leo Di Caprio without his Oscar next year. I WILL NOT, OK?

What you've heard is absolute bullshit. Go see it, the movie is great.

I really want to see this movie, but I've heard, although the casting is great, they completely missed the theme of the novel. I really loved this novel and I'm almost too scared to see the movie for fear of ruining my experience with the book... it almost seems as thought it was Hollywood sensationalized for partying and sex, neglecting the modernist message behind the entire thing... Damnit, but I still really want to see it Dx

Some people say it's an absolutely great movie, while others say it's crap. Usually when the book isn't that great, the movie might come out incredibly, like Godfather. The book wasn't greatly appreciated but we all know the story behind its movie. Now, The Great Gatsby is the best American novel according to Times magazine and in this case, it is too difficult to make an appropriate movie. This movie is an adaptation of the producer and it's up to us to agree with him or now. 

the ending holy shit

I can't even remember what this book is about

Haven't seen it yet, but I want to see how the movie handles the books theme of classism, which is really what the novel is about. It's like TOM and how it handle's racism, not the main plot, but the main theme.

i just watched this movie for the second time. in one weekend. i intend on re watching it while i still know people who are up to watching it with me, and when my list of known people finishes, i will start approaching people next to the theatre and asking them to go to the movies with me. or i'll go stag, i dont even care. i will watch enough times to learn every little line.

like if lana del reys song brought you here.

I only want to watch it because of lana del reys song in it. 

I cried for an hour when I got back home after watching this. I was too sad to do anything so I slept, the next day I skipped school. I was emotionally wreaked.  Brace yourself when you go watch this film. Please don't be like me.

Lol jack dawes actually survived the titanic. He made it to america and remade himself as jay gatsby

for the people who's asking about the first song, it's called No Church in the Wild by Kanye ft Jay Z

Such a incredible masterpiece, and DiCaprio's performance was amazing - just give DiCaprio the oscar already!

Someone looks like spiderman

just got back from the cinema.... Goddamn gold-diggers man....

Sutro19 do yourself a favour shut up!

this movie is truly amazing! the cast, the costumes, the atmosphere, the soundtrack! fantastic!!!!!! go and watch it if you haven't! 

Outstanding acting, no doubt. But the movie itself? Piece of shit.

Kanye West Ft. Jay-Z - No Church In The Wild (Feat. Frank Ocean)

watched this today, and wow. a masterpiece, truly amazing. 

No church in the wild

What is the name of the song at 0:10

what does it mean this Christmas . . . it came out this month ?


you coment makem me vomit if you dislake this kind of movies it doesnt mean that the movie be the worst

eso da cancer viejo que no te guste es otra cosa

THIS LOOKS LIKE THE WORST MOVIE EVER


No i watched it with my mom, there is one scene at the end, kinda awkerd but its only for a brief minute

It made me cry. GREAT MOVIE OLD SPORT! :) 

Wrong choice of music. Why they did they use hip hop it should be Jazz

lol

no its fine. i dont think youve read the book then. its 1922. 

this movie was amazing. the book was even better, but both made me cry.

No, you'll be fine. :-)

going to watch the movie in a few hours, so excited eventhough i have to watch it in german so leo won´t say old sport..noooo

Just saw this last night i suggest reading the book i fell in love with it :)

Your love is my scripture!

just wasted 2 hours 23 minutes.

This movie was amazing! Definitely buying this on blu-ray

hair gel?

"No church in the wild"

love and corruption. great movie. 

Just got back from seeing the movie. ABSOLUTELY amazing! Can't wait to buy it on DVD. Yep, I may pirate some movies at time, but if you make a masterpiece I will buy it.

Well it's a year old  because it was originally supposed to come out in December

this movie is flawless! I definitely went to see it three times.

Kinda hard to believe this trailer is a year old.  

name of the song?


sniff sniff? i smell an oscar leonardo(:

yes!

No but your MOM did.. What a fucking Gentleman you are.
get a life pervv

BEST.. MOVIE... EVER.

Illuminati

This movie was amazing!

This movie was.... Epic. It is now my favorite movie. Women have lifetime, but we men have this movie.

why does it say "This Christmas"??

too much Aviator...???

I NEED TO WATCH THIS NOW

loved it


Daisy is a bitch, gatsby deserved better. :(

whats the name of the song that starts at 0:06


This movie is great as Gatsby was.

yes they took some crucial parts out. aside from that it was pretty much word for word except for the lines that completely changed the story like daisy's "i wish we could just run away". I don't think people that didn't read the book would understand it if they hadn't changed it a little :/

The song in the beginning is No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye West(:

what an awesome movie !!!!!!

What a garbage soundtrack. 

thanks


You made a channel just to say this, and yet we're the wierd ones?

does anybody know what song is playing at 1:11 to the end of this video


i lovee it <3

well that explains it, thank you :)

old sport. ?

everybody is so weird posting their comments. you are all wasting your time. get a life you losers. get out of your mom's basement and live life you computer nerds. don't say anything about me, I'm a nurse. don't you want to be sucessful like these actors in this movie???? ewwwwwehhh! nasty!

El panda huye haciendo la croqueta


I am looking forward to wachting it!! It seems amazing!!!

IT WAS AMAZING
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\hfdbV
goo.gl\hfdbV

What is the intro song*

What is the song in the background?

I cant wait to see this along with Black Biscuit !!

Thank god this movie was good. I was waiting for it to come out for so long!

I thought it was wonderful

you bitch

you slept with him bitch?

the indian fucker is a bad actor...


it was set to release on dec 2012, but don't know why the release date moved to may 2013.


Legend


I actually liked they used modern music.

is it like the book or totally different? I don't recall sertain things that the trailer has... 



THUMBS UP for AMITABH BACHCHAN!

Just saw the movie, I highly recommend it. I don't see why 3D was needed but it made some difference. The scenery is very artistic and beautiful, 10/10.

i mean this is an EPIC comeback

i saw the movie and the scene when Daisy touched Gatsby's hand under the table and the love scene in Gatsby's house weren'tin there, also why does it say this Chrismas didn't the movie Just came out?
i;m confused. 

well said.

i miss him. 

this movie was simply Epic. Period.

I just watched the movie! Its AMAZING!!!

this video is boss for 144p

The movie is pretty great. Actors are extremely talented. And they are made for these roles. Moreover, one of the best soundtracks ever. The film is very beautiful.

great 

number one movie. 

yeah, "freedom," you do realize this was during the prohibition right?


Excess sums up this film. Perfectly in the suite sequence where Jay looses his composure with Tom. In the books Jay is a very calm and subdued character with passion and angry burning just below the surface. The film of course houses no subtly, this being a Luhrmann production and all, and everything is screamed from the top of their lungs in the most overly theatrical manner. This is not a bad thing, and the style is fantastically saturated because of this, but never quite fulfills the tone.

I do wish I had more rights, like the right to slap you for being so stupid.

ye

la primera Jay-Z & Kanye West feat. Frank Ocean - No Church In The Wild
la segunda love is blindness - jack white

My friend and I are 16. His dad said that he wanted to go see the new Star Trek. He didn't want to. He said he wanted to see The Great Gatsby, so we went. We saw it. We loved it. His dad didn't like Star Trek. Please ignore my avatar for I am in fact 16. Please believe me.

I knew i shouldn't have read Youtube comments. 

leonardo deserves an oscar for his amazing performance!

I just watched the movie and its AMAZING!

Jay-Z & Kanye West feat. Frank Ocean - No Church In The Wild :)

One of the best movies I watched ever.

The director was to fix the soundtrack so they pushed the date

Wait, the movie was supposed to come out in Christmas?
I'm confused.....

I think this will be Leonardos first Oscar ;)

A film by a moron for morons.

somebody else miss peter parker?

No Church In The Wild- JAY-Z,Kanye West :)

Pursuing a dead dream to the dead end,why not give up...?

LMAO... way to go....

Love is blindness or stupidness ???

Open your eyes, ears, brain, or whatever you need to understand. The movie was great with that music and that's the image they were trying to get.

What is the music at the beginning ?

wooow

Why there's a bunch of modern music in a movie, which is about a dude from a 1920s novel? That doesn't sound right at all and makes me so confused..

this movie is the best of the decade


DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\hULui
goo.gl\hULui

Love is blindness from Jack White is just an awesome choice for this trailer, just like no church in the wild. I love it

hollywood tries to return to its golden age


@NonCandyQueen what was dissappointing to you about it? Oh wait let me guess! The music. Pitiful how alot of people are disliking it when its actually the best than the old movies.

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\hULui
goo.gl\hULui

maybe this will give leonardo an oscar finally...maybe

Gatsby dies

fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you. die in a hole

great great film !!

No church in the wild by Jay z and Kanye West

Don't forget Marie Antoinette had a kick ass back track! 

well i'm talking about the music that you can hear at 0:06 from the trailer. 

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\hULui
goo.gl\hULui

And by "non-20'sness" you mean the music? Because I actually like it when movies do this, like A Knights Tale and Mulan Rouge

does anyone know what is the song from the trailer ? 


SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

fnks bby

Hey. Alguien sabe que canción es la que sale en este trailer?¡

i really wish they wiuld have gone full on modern. the mix of 20's and modern culture looks like barf

Without the teacher and peers, you wouldn't.

The movie look beast!

I am Daisy ... :)

oh my god mr gatsby hiiiiiii

I'm fourteen. This is my favorite book.

no

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

you need to experience life to understand obsessive love, how the mafia works, and affairs?

FREAKING DAISY! GONNA SLAP DAT BITCH

church in the wild

hey guys i am going to go to this film this Friday with my friend 

I am 13 and I understood it...

sorry but no 

0:07-0:30 what the Name of the song? is that a part of the o.s.t?

i agree with you

The music choice makes me not want to go see it...wish they had used real music from the 1920's 

Whats the name of the sountrack in the first part ??

What im trying to say in my earlier comment is that there are some things that are too modern and which doesnt belong in a movie that takes place in the past

Of course.

No not at all.... Im most disappointed with the choice of music though.... They should do like with the 1974 version and use actual music from the 20s instead of that off color auto tune crap... Imagine you are going to see "othello" by shakespeare and then its jay-Z who plays othello and instead of talking he is rapping.... Thats kinda how it feels to me that they use contemporary music in this... Its an insult to fans of the book

Should have expected something thin ignorant coming from someone named chaken bacon

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

well, performed by Jack White, but written by U2

cover of the U2 song Love is blindness (Achtung Baby album)

it semms that you have absolutely no idea of how the 20s where. Because apart of the 3D, it was exactely the same

The "no church in the wild" song in the background somehow enhances the experience of watching this trailer.

How can you know who understands the book and who doesn't?

what song in trailer ?

Am I the only one disappointed at the non-20'sness of this movie?

i can't believe Callan McAuliffe plays the young jay gatsby in the movie! :)

Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful? <3

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

If it was exactly word for word from the book then where was the scene where Gatsby sees Daisy's daughter? That was a pretty emotional part in the book but they left it out. Where is Gatsby's father at all in the movie? I'm not going to say any spoiler's but there was a particular part with Gatsby's father that was never shown in the movie that was very crucial in the book. Also why was Nick in some institution? In the book it never said anything about his mental state of mind? 

i am 13 and i understand it fully. the movie was amazing, undoubtedly one of Leo's best performances

There's a difference between understanding it in your head and understanding it in your heart.  You need to have felt real regret for something that you can never, ever take back, and most high schoolers haven't done that yet.  That's not a knock on them - it's just how things are.

love is blindness

What is the namn of the song in the backround?

The Gen Y Version. Over indulged and over the Top!!

Just listened to No Church In The Wild and then came to this!

first, it's not hard to understand, I got it perfectly and I'm in high school. second, the reason we read it was not for its message it was for its amazing demonstration of symbolism and metaphor that gave it its literary significance.

What is spiderman doing in the movie

di caprio an maguire is smooth ..

I read it in high school and understood everything about it and fell in love with the book. It helps to know your history of the Roaring 20s

it was absolutely amazing

Just saw the movie and its nothing less than Academy Award! status in the making 

overall, we enjoyed this movie. we have a discussion/review where we talk about all the little details. spoiler free of course! hope you all had a great experience at this film whether it pleased you or not, it was definitely a cool movie experience.

Daisy proves that some women can be so cruel.

This is the 5th Great Gatsby Movie! xx

High school is when you start to experience life or it should be. By the 10th grade even you know enough to understand the book.

I understood it just fine, almost offended you'd say that.  I don't read often, but this book was truly amazing.  Don't put down all adolescence just because you didn't get it in high school. 

"This Christmas".... yeah,..right.

In my high-school we don't read this...but currently reading it by myself and it pretty good, but i see it's not for everyone...

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

This movie was complete trash

legend thanks


"no church in the wild"  jay-z & kanye west 

can someone please tell me what is the first song that is played at the start

Im in highschool and understood the topics of the book.

I am not going to see it, but if you do tell me how it was

I dont understand that if its a movie that is sposed to take place in the '20s, why do they play rap music? The attire and manner of the '20s is well potrayed in the film, but the music kills it

I'm watching the original film on Netflix haha.

Die you fucking bitch...

Such an amazing film.  I saw it twice.

I can't wait to see this film! :)

What is wrong with you?

does anyone else think "what is spiderman doing here?"

SPOILER ALERT: Gatsby dies..

Df y'all so worried about the music?

This movie was amazing

Completely agree.

song ? pls some1 !a

Tobey Maguire, long time no see

If you are referring to the one at the end it is Love is Blindness by Jack White.

SOO AWESOME!!
THE ENTlRE LEEKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\BypnH
goo.gl\BypnH

1.Kanye West & Jay-Z - No Church in the Wild
2. Jack White - Love is Blindless

love is blindless - jack white


Haha, i'm sorry, yes you are correct ^^

Fuck the song in the background here, it's Lana Del Rey's "Young And Beautiful" you want.

Jack White - Love is Blindness (:

Jack White - Love is Blindness (:

First song:  No church in the wild - Kanye West & Jay z
Second song: Love is blindness-Jack White

no church in the wild - Kanye West 

No Church In the Wild - Jay Z & Kanye West feat. Frank Ocean

DID U HEAR??
THE ENTlRE LEEKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\a2LyX
goo.gl\a2LyX

In the beginning: No church in the wild - Kanye West & Jay z

Kanye West feat Jay-Z - No Church In The Wild

Such a good movie! This book was never meant for high school, I can't understand why they would make kids read this. No way would they get it, you have to experience life to understand this story.

agreed.

Joel Edgerton and Isla Fisher's acting were superb in this movie. Sadly, everyone else meh.

Don't care what the critics say, just watched it and it was such a wonderful, beautiful, piece of art. 

love is blindness covered by jack white*


jay and daisy died :D

No church in the wild by kanye west ft. frank ocean ;)

you definitely have to not only read the book but understand it thoroughly in order to understand this movie. i thought it was well done!!!

hahahahaha you think i didn't read the book?....sweet child...it was definitely quoted from the book i had the book IN FRONT OF ME while i was watching it.

you know it was a good  movie when you go home and watch the trailer right after you've watched the movie

Love is Blindness - U2

movie was insaine

If you don't read, you won't know until you watch a review or actually just watch the movie :D But read a book once in a while. Can't hurt.

Then I advise reading The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. 

watch?v=FJt7gNi3Nr4

watch?v=FJt7gNi3Nr4

The song at the beginning is 'No church in the wild' (Kanye West & Jay Z) and the one that starts at 0:58 is 'Love is blindness' (Jack White).

Love is Blindness cover by jack white! :)

song?

No Church in the Wild- Kanye West and Jay Z

I found the Full Movie Here: bit.ly\12ssMsL

No Church in the Wild and Love Is Blindness :)

Did you see the movie? 

wheres the hd you liar?

no church in the wild

love is blindness

This move would break my mind. I have a dislike towards Daisy and would keep remembering sweet Sally Sparrow :(

love is blindness by jack white


watch?v=8VI8omA6TZM

The first song is "No Church In The Wild" by Kanye West and the second song is "Love Is Blindness" by Jack White

no church in the wild?



No Church In The Wild -Jay Z, Kanye West
Love Is Blindness - Jack White

When Leo smiles during the 'beautiful shirts' scene, it's reminiscent of his old Jack Dawson self 

"No church in the wilds" - Jay-Z, Kanye West etc.

No kidding? Have you read the book?

The movie was kind of sad :(

How disappointing to find out Beyonce and Jay-Z had their hands in my favorite book I read in High School.

the song at 1:45 is "love is blindness" by jack white :)

why is there an apple logo at the down right corner?!

u2´s Love is Blindness

kanye west- no church in the wild

Loved this movie so depressing though

Any idea what the second song is?

In the beginning? It's Back to Black - Andre 3000 and Beyonce. Off of the Gatsby soundtrack.

I liked both the book and movie :p stop acting butthurt

I have the feeling this is going to be DiCaprio's Cutthroat Island :( 

It's not your fault, it's shame on everyone else who didn't read the book first 

What is that song in the background????!

This is going to be shocking compared to the original, I can already tell. :(

Still going to go and see it though.

1:08  OMG Spiderman!!!

I agree it's not fair to spoil things for you. Especially if it ruins your enjoyment of the story because that's a shame. It's also bad to say someone is ignorant just because they haven't read a book. But at the same time reading the Great Gatsby has nothing to with experiences and opportunities. It has to do with deciding you want to read it and reading it. If you choose not to that's fine, it doesn't make you a bad person. But if you can read you always have the opportunity.

my god this is isn't HD.  How dare you sir? How dare you?

All i need is millions of dollar and ill be like gatsby. Now where can i find that much money ? Not bhu

wax?


I cannot wait to buy this DVD.....

oh my god... ??? ?? ? ??????))

watch?v=Ks0wIstEA34 the instrumental

This was an amazing movie. Suggest it (:

& We've been living under a rock and are ignorant since we haven't read it already. They are the true ignorant ones, for assuming every person has had the same experiences and oppurtunies as them

Absolutely amazing. The ending was stellar.

I really think the soundtrack was awesome, it's modern music we all know matched up with timeless themes we know as well.

It was great! I read the book and I liked the movie. :)

I just remembered....

today's my birthday....  0_0

Yeah, I just got blasted for complaining about a spoiler.
Apparently, the logic of most fans on here is that since the book has been out for years that its okay to spoil it for everyone who hasn't read it since its our fault for not having read it already. 
Perfect logic. Lol. Totally makes sense. *Sarcasm.*

Hell yeah it's a good ass movie!!!!

I read the book for Literature at the beginning of last year, I wish to see the new adaptation of the novel, although I readily acknowledge it will be lacking certain parts from the book, and i know that they will have added some things that were never in the novel itself, i am excited to see the film!! Especially because of the cast.

for ametab 
like 

I thought this movie was supposed to come it last year?!?! Or did it and they are showing it again

Love this movie

if you think it was word for word from the book you obviously haven't read the book. and to the person asking about owl eyes, no he barely even made an appearance at all. he was just some drunk guy stumbling through gatsby's library.

Fucking spoiler man! shit....well it is my fault for looking through the comments...SHIT!!!

Its bad.

I found the Full Movie Here: bit.ly\12ssMsL

Just got back from watching this movie. One word = spectacular.

OMG!!! THIS MOVIE IS PURE PERFECTION!!! GREAT ACTORS!!! GREAT SOUNDTRACK AAAAAAH I LOVE IT!!!

There is

Completely agree!


I loved this movie!
Wonderful job!

@jojoxx1231  I totally agree with you. This movie was really great.

This christmas?

go fuck yourself perez

the movie was not better than the book.

Found full the movie guys : bit.ly\12ssMsL

yaya spoiler...obv he hasnt read the book/seen the movie, stop ruining it -.-

By far the best movie out !!

only the end where Gatsby is shot dead in the pool

The soundtrack of this movie sucks balls, but the movie itself is epic

This movie was so true to the book! Might be even better, I advise anyone & everyone to go see it!

not really

what´s the song in the first 30sec?
thx

Amitabh Bachchan OMGGGG

he always seems to have water related deaths

I just saw that movie today and it made me sad. :( Now in watching Get Smart.

-z

name of the music? :OOO


Did Owl Eyes make an appearance at the end?

no church in the wild

You always look so cool the man with the cool beautiful shirts

This is like the 6th adaptation... lol.

If he wants, I could introduce him to a girl called Camellia.

Get the hell out of here!

Best sound track of the century!


Im surprised it took them this long to make a movie of this amazing book! 

Awesome visuals. Terrible soundtrack choices. 

Make him, bitch.

Shut the hell up.

This isnt out in ireland yet is it? I cannot wait to see it!!!!

I didn't really like this movie.. The beginning was awkwardly too fast-paced for my liking, the modern music felt out of place (although the jazzy renditions of Young and Beautiful and Crazy in Love were impressive), and it overall didn't hit me like the book did. Oh and also, I was hoping they would've developed Nick and Jordan's relationship more. 

The sanitarium was actually a good idea, even though it wasn't in the book. But Nick Carraway retells the story from a point after all these events. So why not saying that he basically wrote the whole story while he was in medical care.

Great movie

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

WOOOOOO SPIDER MAN!

unique? I felt like I was just watching Moulin Rouge all over again 

really, I thought the pacing was too slow and the usage of the music was just too much. It felt too modernized to. I also saw it in 3D and personally I think it actually lessened the quality of the movie.

seriously, the music sound great!! 

stop it!

toby Maguire has lost shit loads of weight

Did you seriously just say Jack Dolson...

the use of Green Screen is ever present in this movie. 

Well Old Sport, I'm sure that was just an attempt to give the film it's own unique style.

cool, peter parker meets jack dolson

I REALLY hope my mom lets me see this movie!!!!!!!!

It was great! The end

can't believe they got ronald reagan to play Gatsby's butler!

I swear if Leo dies in this movie I'm fucking done. & I love how he uses rap music in his movies. He's such a gangsta.

No church in the wild

What is the first song ?? From 0:6 to 0:25 

Love is Blindness by Jack white 

1:08 what is that song? Please answear

"No church in the wild"... just in case anyone was wandering like myself

Since the movie was based on the book, what's there to spoil?

Saw it. Sucked

Yeah, I agree. Wanted to hear some jazz.

Fact: Your fact is an opinion.

No. But i'm not a prick about the ending of an 88 year old book. 

introducing his father at the end for a funeral doesn't make sense movie wise, it makes sense in the book. implicit affair between McKee and Carraway? please. the "evidence" people cite for that is completely misinterpreted. i recall Daisy's daughter in a scene in the beginning, granted it was very short. and Carraway was in a sanitarium to allow him to effectively tell the story to an audience (aka us) by writing it down. wouldn't you go crazy after seeing such tragedy and heartbreak? there.

Also, there have been 4 movies about Gatsby. So, really, whats left to spoil (unless, of course, you live under a rock)?

Even if you havent read it, a majority of people have and theres no reason to get worked up about getting the ending "spoiled." Its read by almost every sophomore/junior in high school. People told me what happened in the end of Mockingjay and I didn't get pissed like everyone here is, and Mockingjay is a new book.

I totally did 2013 minus 1949 because i've been reading 1984 by George Orwell and that was written in 49. But yes, 88 years, written in 1925. Excuse my late night attempts at math.

i know! hahah i wanted to see jordan and nick kiss already but the kiss never came..the kiss never came!!!

fact: Tobey Maguire ruined Spiderman with his shit acting.

at this point many people would try to ridicule you and tell you to read the book for more understanding because the movie doesnt always explain everything, but usually when i really like a movie i go all out and look up everything there is to it. lol the movie is about rich girls not marrying poor boys :(

what about Tom. am i the only one that was curious about toms affair with the myrtle..i  mean it seemed like he really did care about her but also about daisy...i guess i just saw life and Gatsby too he was so obsessed over daisy. this movie made me realize he was borderline insane in denial about their relationship. i was super obsessed about a guy once too but DAM! 

no church in the wild lol

BOTH!

was that lana del ray at the end?

He sank to the bottom of the ocean for a girl named rose and now to the bottom of a pool for a girl named daisy...

I hated daisy after the book ended...

I am listening "Love is blindness" for 3 hours non stop after this movie

Does anyone know what the name of the song at the beginning of this trailer is..

the music hurt this movie. good film but they should've kept the rap and dubstep out of it.

Stupidest question ever asked. The movie was fantastic.

this was great!! I wasn't a giant fan of toby's constant monotonic voice overs, but hey they had to structure the plot somehow. 

i dont really get it, whats the movie about?

i dont really get it, whats the movie about?

LOVED this movie. The music threw me off a bit but still a good movie!

The movie was great, but the soundtrack...phenomenol-3

jay gatsby was not a selfish man he was one hell of a man

movie was great!

whats the first song?

Fun fact: Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire first worked on a movie together 20 years ago.

LOVED THE MOVIE!


Not all rap is crap, just because a few of the famous ones suck doesn't mean you should generalize the whole genre.

i really liked the use of modern day music because it means this story isn't just set in the 20's, its a timeless story. it will hold on to peoples hearts for eternity.

lol, then where was Gatsby's dad at his funeral? Where is the implicit affair between McKee and Carraway? Where was Daisy's daughter at the beginning of the movie? WHY THE HELL WAS CARRAWAY IN A SANITARIUM??!!

That's sortof the point. You're not even really supposed to "like" Gatsby. Both are flawed idealists.

Hold on though! The jazz music of the 20s was considered unclassical back then only because it was new. There is a huge difference in the contemporary "music" of today and that of the 20s: the subject matter. A lot of it was about simply dancing and falling in love, not about overt sex, drugs, alcohol, and money money money like you hear in "rap" today. Just because they were both modern (although rap is not that new), does not give you the same experience musically or tastefully whatsoever. 

Such a good movie

loved the film!!! I think it stuck with the book very well and I totally fell in love with Leonardo DiCaprio SO good!!

I loved it! It was so spot on with the book, except the ending with the funeral. But other than that, Bravo!

Daisy is not a women haha. I meant woman that was*

You were supposed to the whole time. And don't even get me started on the book! hahaha she's just repulsive!

the best movie i have EVER seen. it is EXACTLY word for word from the book. everything was perfect.

Great movie

Great movie, I'm so glad DiCaprio got this part. Despite my hatred for Tobey he played a good Nick. Definitely 8/10. Gatsby's death at the end was so much more touching than in the other movie or in the book. I just hate Tom though, he always gets his way.

Movie is actually fucking fantastic

This was the greatest movie I have ever seen!!!!

Loved it watched it today it was a great movie and sends a true message

I wonder if this movie is really good or iseverybody just saying its good cause they like Leonardo Di'Caprio

Robert Redford looked better.

This is a great movie! It's one of those movies that leaves you thinking about it afterwards, and replaying the events. It has such artistry of symbols and metaphors! But I also was a little frustrated towards the end, because I got a little too attached to the characters. The most annoying thing for me is when a character becomes misunderstood... :(

Ehhhh.....I see where you're going, but you're not really on point, and I think it's where Luhrmann falls short, too. First off, rap has been around for nearly 40 years already - so there goes the shock value jazz had! -  and rap more about words than it is about freewheeling instrumentation. I think you can paint the picture of lust and booze using music from the time period of the Great Gatsby. It's called better acting, editing, and scripts.

Ironic how Luhrmann's "The Great Gatsby" is a vapid, expensive, megalomaniacal reinvention that denies its true heritage.

I think the movie was aesthetically amazing.
Could they have done some scenes better? Definitely.
 But this director is known for making his films aesthetical pleasing to the eyes so eh how can I complain.
At first I really admired the transitions but after a couple overlays,transitions, & those ridiculous headshot overlays on a scene...it started to make me cringe at the continuous use of it all. 
Overall, great movie, a little over exaggerated on the effects, but still great acting and a great

really...ya don't say?!?

Wait This Christmas was the movie delayed to late 2013?

2:19 it says Christmas yet this movie was released May 1st? 

Was this actually good or do the girls just like Leo...

You do now the book came waaay before this movie and that this movie was based off of that book, right?

Yes

women that were*

this movie was AMAZING !!!!!!!

why would you complain about having the whole theater to yourself?

i think don drapper would have been a good gatsby..

its pretty sad when i go to see this freaking amazing movie on OPENING DAY and there are only 10 people in the theater.

No church in the wild

What's the name of the song in the beginning? PLEASE!!!!!

Ok i havnt watched it yet but yet but is it good enough to win Leonardo a Oscar??? Somebody answer me????

Please tell me you are trolling.

The whole movie was emotional to me

You mean they made a different book? I hope you aren't talking about the original F. Scott Fitzgerald book.

I hated daisy after the movie ended... :l

Lol I went to the bookstore yesterday and they already have a book that they made based off this movie, I'm not guna read it tho because books that are based off of movies are usually not as good. 

the ending was so emotional

It was a good film but I think everyone gave it too much publicity, making the movie sound more 'amazing' than it actually was.

Nothing can scream art than half naked girls robbing banks

No Church in the Wild - Jay-Z, Frank Ocean, etc.

Simple. Because it was too overwhelming and didn't encapsulate the atmosphere of the 1920s correctly. It was a good love story they added to it though. But remember that they made Leo too well liked, Gatsby wasn't supposed to be that well liked because he was the guy obsessed with money and getting a self-conscious women that was too "high-class" for him. 

Spring Breakers is pure art.

whats the song at the beginning!?!?


I'm gonna infer that you didn't read the book. 

Damm Dicaipirio's sooo hot ...

Christmas?

Good film, but I still cannot believe Gatsby is assassinated at the end.

Music does not create the mood, a time period's interpretation of music creates the mood. Everything is relative. 

Also, no one would feel the level of heathenism the ankle dress represented if they were actually ankle dresses in the movie. 

Very little music is considered classy when it began. Today is not the 1920s. How it began is irrelevant to how it is seen today.  People need to understand what Jazz meant in the 1920s and understand that today, rap is the equivalent of what jazz was in the 20s.  No one throws wild parties to jazz and if you believe that people do, you are out of touch with the era.

The right mood depends on the time. Jazz does not create the right mood of lust and heathenism 

That is not true. Music is as every part of the movie as the acting, setting, etc. Music creates the right mood. It's the reason movies such as Titanic, Terminator etc. were so successful. Impossible to compare Jay Z to the likes of James Horner! This movie was almost ruined for me with all the rap, 21st century club/ party music associated with frat parties out of college. This music has no business in a movie set in the era of JAZZ. Lana del rey and Florence & The Machine are exceptions.

I love this movie it was amazing.

So far its the best movie this year. It was visually stunning (especially in 3D) and emotionally abundant. The plot was amazing and the animation was beautiful. The movie got me invested within the first five minutes and kept me interested through out. Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan's performance made the movie even more spectacular. 
I would recommend this movie to anyone. Go see it.

your rating the entire movie based on the soundtrack? What about acting? Location? Plot? No wonder you didnt like

Or.... the more likely alternative...

He threw in a soundtrack that would attract younger audiences so that the movie could make more money. 

read*

I just red the book and almost all the lines from the movie are straight from the book, with a few words or lines added or replaced here and there

Whats the song at the beginning?

It's not about the music, it's what the music symbolizes. the music type is irrelevant, only the feeling matters.

Rap music is essentially the equivalent of jazz music back in the 20s.  Today, no one listens to jazz music in a party setting, not a party based on loose morals, drugs, and lust anyway.  Jazz today is essentially a representation of class.  To get the feeling of the young and the restless, you need a style like rap.  Can you imagine trying to paint the picture of lust and booze using music that is now considered exceptionally classy?

jack white is amazing

********!!!!Spoilers Alert!!!********
DON'T READ

Our Junior class took a field trip to see this movie, amazing.

song name at 1.12?? so dope!


I seen it last night.  Movie Was Great !"

yes that's all well and good, but jazz was at least contemporary with the setting. Jay-Z, techno, and auto tuned voices are not contemporary with the setting. The director's reasoning would be appropriate for defending Jay-Z, techno, and auto tuned voices in a modern set film/book, but not for applying music to places where it never was, which he has done here. 

(dying) grammar please


It's not a spoiler if the book came out in the 1920's and is considered an American Classic.

Saw the movie last night and loved it. You have to have an open mind and a positive attitude going in though.  Yes it is over the top and the music isn't the Jazz that Fitzgerald had in mind but I loved the changes. The book is almost 90 years old so yeah I can understand Luhrmann wanting to make the movie a little more modern. He's not going to stick to every little detail of the book, he's doing his own interpretation and making it more interesting for the viewers and I thought it was great!

THIS WAS THE BEST MOVIE. PERFECTON.

twilight ..  lmao

thanks, asshole.

Gatsby dies!

Love is blindness by Jack White. (It's actually a cover of U2 song)

I guess Leo has fun dieing in movies

The thought never occurred to you to read the other comments just to see if your questions has been already asked and answered?

and   1:12


whats the song at  0:50   ?? 

"No church in the wild" - Jay Z & Kanye West

  0:33    gatsby, what gatsby?



What is the Title of the first song at 0:06 ?

They're drinking so much for a time when drinking was prohibited by law...

just saw this 10/10 indeed

10/10 I just saw this movie it exceeded my expectations ! Excellent :) go see it

LOL well sorry that your were offended. I just assumed since most HS students know the ending even though they never read it. 

it's called auteurism. baz luhrmann can do what he wants.

Great movie, was visually amazing. Plus LEO owned it as gatsby

That's him! 

Um excuse me I'm in my last year of high school we just had prom yesterday. Just because I didn't read the great gatsby in high school doesn't mean I'm in middle school. I live in Canada so we've read boring books like death of a salesman and this old man and the sea crap. 

Because they are rotten lol 

I'm guessing you aren't in high school yet lol because most of us already read the book. 

I've never thought any movie could make the book better, but this movie really does. I absolutely love it, and Leo's performance was just simply perfect. 

When Nick describes how "he looks at Daisy the way every girl wants to be looked at", it was entirely true. Leo should really win an Oscar for this.

He spoiled the movie for me revealing the ending. 

Movie critics are a joke....How does this film have a "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes when films like Spring Breakers gets praised.  Gatsby was one of the more unique and well-made movies I've seen in a long time....get over yourselves you pretentious douchebag critics

great movie!!! love it!!!


ok that trailer came out way before they moved the date to may 10th

Ditto

eye candy ? 

I wish i knew the comment

Are you gonna get off to the fact that you ruined the movie for people?  Why don't you just stick to masturbating and playing video games.  

DAMN HOT MEN!!! IN THE MOVIE!!!( LOVE THIS MOVIE!!)

This christmas

No Church in the Wild (Jay-Z, Kanye, Frank Ocean)

No church in the wild by Jay-Z and Kanye West is the first song.

Does anyone know the song played in the beginning? Sounds like kanye west or something,, Granted I don't think the song fits with the trailer, but I'll get used to it. 

I'm a fan of Jay-Z but his songs have NO BUSINESS being in this movie! I understand wanting to join the old with new but it just didn't work. That being said, I wasn't a fan of the 3D effects of it but the acting was superb. Leo is magnetic as always and Tobey and Carey are just delightful to watch. Great movie!!! <3333

Gatsby gets shot and dies.

Love is Blindess 
Originally a U2 song I think, but this is a cover by Jack White :)

Just went to see this movie for my 21st birthday-Day, and it was grrreat! The houses they used in the movie were very beautiful :) And Leo once again still impresses me even though he looks older in the film, gorgeous blue eyes.

This will be an interesting take on the story.

IT'S SPIDERMAN'S...GRANDFATHER :D!

What is this song?


Do the cliché thing and watch the movie instead! Just kidding haha 

Aw that's too bad :( I think I know what you're talking about, but I won't say it so others don't find out. 

Reading the book now! (or at least when I finish studying for ny quiz tomorrow).

He spoiled the movie for me. Never read the book, but I was planning on reading it after the movie. 

Wait he deleted the comment. What did he say?

I don't know what you're replying to but I'm gonna give you a thumbs up anyway.

España en 17/05/2013 : I'm looking forward to seeing it!!! 


you sir, are evil!

btw the movie doesn't follow the book exactly because it is based off the first Great Gatsby that Fitzgerald wrote before editing and releasing to the public. or at least that is what i heard

this movie was amazing!!!

Uh oh, my hipster senses are tingling.

I find it very hard to care about much of anything coming out  of this overpaid  circle jerk of complete jerk's

They quite making movies long ago and started making market researched
2 hour long commercial for useless crapol'a 

no one take's a chance on anything resembling art, craft are creativity anymore 

I saw this movie 2day!! Loved it!!! Leo did it again!! Great job!!

I know right? I can not stand all the idiots these days. I mean who does not know who gatsby is? like all 7 billion people on the planet of read his book and know all about him. Anyone that does not know and asks a question of such is such a idiot.

dumb ass

Produce more shit? I can believe that.

There are too many idiots these days...

AWESOME MOVIE, I really loved it, I love the symbolism created in like the book such as the green light

Nope thats why I am asking

that was him! 

spiderman

Best insult

Did my eyes just deceive me or was that Amitabh Bachchan???

Did you even read the book?

you are an idiot.

When I first saw the trailer, I didn't even think it was about The Great Gatsby.

I feel like it's overdone..

What the hell is this even about? Seriously. big partys sexy women rich guy... ok.. great... now what the hell is this about lol? I never knew you could make a movie about just big partys sexy women and a rich guy falling in love.

i'll delete it now that i know i got one person upset  

I am absolutely in love with this book, its my favorite, but I just feel like the movies going to be terrible

Fuck you man, I hope you spill coffee on yourself while driving. 

I am absolutely in love with this book, its my favorite, but I just feel like the movies going to be terrible

Man DiCaprio almost never is in a sub-par movie.. I think this is his worst movie in over 10 years (body of lies did not have the same hype so although it was just ok this is worse given the expectations.)

Haha,Rapture!!!

Start of the bioshock story

Fi

Sick sick sick to death of all the trailers! The latest over-hyped concoction the media is instructed to go into overdrive about.....

Jack White --- Love is Blindness

Jack White --- Love is Blindness

Is anyone else bothered by the fact that Gatsby doesn't wear a pink suit?

porn parody: The Great Gapesby

Bitches be crazy!

omg omg spidermaaan!! i love tobey he's so hot!

I think that is incredibly narrow minded of you to put the music down like that and call it crap. Furthurmore he chose that music to represent how crazy the 20's were. That music, even if you like it or not, is a style of music that represents this generation(rap, dub step, "indie", ect.). He wanted to connect our generation to theirs by using music that represented our generation through the portray of past generations, by doing this he is putting us in their shoes. 

 i lovVE LEO <3

 ''No Church in the Wild'' kayne west 

Love is Blindness- Jack White

and the song of 1;47 -

name of song ???  0;00 - 0;30

get fucked old bones, we produce more than you ever dreamed of


I've said this so many times to so many people but I will say this again.I still think that Joseph Gordon Levitt should play Nick Carraway not Toby Maguire!

have my thumbs up (Y)

Tobey fucking Maguire!

I completely agree with you, I get Baz Luhrmann was trying to add a sort of modern twist to the 20's, but adding techno music along with jay z and kanye definitely wasn't the way to do it...there just wasn't enough jazz in the movie. I also want to add that while the casting was amazing, I felt like some of the great acting, mainly from DiCaprio, was drowned out by the overly lavish scenery Luhrmann created...he needed to lower the dramatics and quick cuts and stick with the great acting

So this is what happens when someone try's to Terrence Malick the hell out of this classic. I sure Fitzgerald would love to behead Luhrmann and burn the corpse for defiling his book.

Just finished watchin the film and as much as I want to defend it, there was really nothing that great about it. Of course, Leonardo DiCaprio's acting was good as expected. The cinematography was decent along with the soundtrack, but other than that, the film was just long and overall boring. There were so many quick cuts in this film, a couple of my friends were getting headaches. When the movie ended, only 1/4 of the theater clapped and one guy behind me said, "Thank God". My thoughts exactly.

meh, shoulda Nic Caged this movie -  would be vastly more entertaining - The Great Cageby

It's definitely worth watching if you care at all for movies, cinema, remakes of classic literature or this story in general. personally loved the acting and enjoyed the film overall. I could nitpick about certain things but overall I would watch it again just for the acting and soundtrack/scores. (if you were expecting jazz the soundtrack is not for you)

hey, this soundtrack is so postmodern or some bullshit..

you think the original is worth seeing? get real.

Where is Vincent Chase? Abomination!

This movie was really long. It's a good movie, just not my type of good movie.

leonardo deicaprio is an awesome actor, he can play any role. And I mean ANY role, from crazy, to sly, to being a character who is autistic, so I don't see why you're complaining, He fits the role perfectly. I'm not saying he's the only great actor but he's the top believe me.

lol, and yet another movie where Leonardo dies. xD

this better be a great movie or i will masturbate until i cant no more. 

I hope this generations shit culture doesn't fuck this one up.... >_>

Jack White - Love is Blindness (U2 Cover)

Hollywoody trying to tackle a great American classic....if Leo had a vag his name would be Megan Fox. Where have all the great actors gone...you can barely count them on your fingers while hollywood is fingering you for your money. don't waste your money, read the book and see the original. 

you haven't read the book...? are you 11?

I watched a pre-screening of Gatsby and I thought it was extremely well filmed. Go watch ASAP it if you haven't already planned to :) 

I seriously dont get what the movie is about..........

if you take it at face value, then yes. good for the rest of us that theres actually something meaningful in the book if you dont just think about the plot.

what is the name of the song first played in this???

It's about some whores. Literally though, I read the book.

EEEEEEPP IT COMES OUT IN EXACTLY 7.5 hrs WEST COAST TIME!! 

everyone dies :D

Yeah spoiler: Romeo and Juliet die too. oops

Love Is Blindness - Jack White

Thumps up guys if you watched this trailer just to see Amitab Bahchan! 

I have to watch this for a grade ^_^

Mr. Bachchan rocks!!

check out our cover on our channel. its a cover of sia, kill and run which features in the gatsby movie. let us know what you think. all the best, and enjoy the movie! 

What song is that????

Read teh book due to this little trailer and looking forward to see how they portrait it 

well if u haven't read the book there is much to spoil, regardless of how old the book is

You're absolutely right. I have to say, though, I've got low expectations for this, as it's coming out several months late. That's never a good sign, usually means the editors are having a lot of trouble with footage that might be less than ideal. That being said, can't wait to see it and judge it for myself.

I think Dicaprio is a very good choice for gatsby, but carey mulligan as daisy?...come on.

I've read the book multiple times and seen two of the older movies but just from seeing a couple of trailers I can already tell that Gatsby is going to really come alive for me in this movie. 

sorry, sorry, 88 years old. The novel is based on 1922, but it was published three years later.

actually, 93 years old, and considered AMERICAN GREAT NOVEL. So, there is NOTHING left to spoil.

yep, that was big b

true, but if you read the book then you would know that it's mostly substance and no style so if you want to make a movie out of it you gotta chane it abit

This movie is all style and no substance.

It's okay. The claim of 64 had me doing the math too! I hate it when a good point gets ruined by facts.

Dude. Baz Luhrmann. Pay attention.

Because everyone dies.

its quite deep shit. its about nick (toby) who moves to ny and his neighbout is this mysterious mr.gatsby who hosts fantastic parties. nick has a cousin and later it turns out that gatsby used to be a poor boy from a small town and he knew nicks cousind from back then and he only became the great gatsby so he could be near her and win her over again. thats the short plot. theres a lot more. the book also views critically on the moral colapse of the roaring 20s. read the book, its fantastic!

reading  a book before watching a movie is awesome !

Sexy as hell leonardoooo

Okay, I'm going to be that guy but the book is 88 years old.  Came out in 1925.  But you're right the movie was spoiled a long time ago.   

I'm so glad the colorful shirt scene is in the movie!
there's so much symbolism in it

Amitabh Bacchan FTW ! 

Niceee!! This movie is gonna be awesome!!!


Thee movie is freakiing amazing !

someone tell me what this movie is about? or book? A summary of it. 

Gatsby gets killed in the end and no one attends his funeral

This will be the biggest movie of all time

Gays by

The book is actually 88 years old.

Do it, it's actually one of the few book we had to read I enjoyed from High School... God did I hate Grapes of Wrath...

No Church In the Wild. Kanye West and Jay Z! It has a sweet music video!

This is cool because Leonardo and Tobey are best friends and have known each other since they were kids.

I had to do chapter summaries on the Great Gatsby in high school and ended up using Cliffnotes. Now I really wish I took the time to read it.

I know but I haven't finished reading the book yet. The age is irrelevant to whether or not I have heard the ending. 

Man if you hate movie spoilers you better not read the book! >_>

The book was written in 1925. Nothing to spoil

Why does it say HD if it's not even hd?

A book that not everyone has read.

It's based on a 64 year old book, there's not much left to spoil.

Spoiler alert dude! 

Why does this guy play always play people from the past who die

Can't wait!!!!!! ?????

love is blindness jack white


Its going to be like a cartoony movie, they are going to ruin the book

Did anyone else notice the Zebra in the pool at 0:18 . Lmfaoooooo

No Church in the Wild by Kanye West and Jay-Z

Whats the name of the song in the beggining


A classic

Lana's song is really missing here in this trailer...

The one with Robert Redford and Mia Farrow was absolutely fantastic, but ... let's see this one too!! 

Just read the book and movie trailer is exactly what I had in my mind while reading the book :)

wrong. critics have seen the movie already.

Ai, forgot - other one is Love is blindness by Jack White:)


at 0:08 it's No church in the wild by Jay-Z, Kanye West and Frank Ocean

Early screenings for critics bro.

It hasn't been released yet.

First rule: Don't listen to the film critics. Their opinions may be valid, but they're seeing the movie from a different perspective and therefore have different expectations and reactions than you. You should never judge a movie until you've seen it for yourself

Normal people know what gender they are. What is WRONG with you?

A 'half-breed'? Good lord, what is WRONG with you? 

when is it out in aus


Not shameful? LOL what pipe have you been smoking? It's fucking disgusting. A person like that should shut their mouth before trying to insult the opinion of others. I'm guessing you're probably a half breed too.

THANK YOU!!! Finally an indian that is honest and sincere. Its sucks that most indians are truly attention whores when it comes to Bollywood....
Sorry thats the way it is. They need to realize that no one truly gives a shit about Bollywood. Its a joke of an industry and I wish indians would stop wasting peoples time and promoting that garbage on the trailers of quality films like this one

Because you dont know how dirty the business is. I am an indian and being an Indo-Canadian. I am ashamed how dirty the indian media is.

I'd like to step aside from the pack and have some integrity

That sucks. I was so excited for this movie.

Come Check Out Harlow's (harlowssjc) in San Juan Capistrano CA!!! Mention this posting and  toast with us to celebrate the golden era of glamor!!  Preprohibition cocktail lounge and fine dining cuisine . Can't wait to see you there!!!!!

What is it to you if any man wants to dress like a woman? Or any woman wants to dress like a man? You will 'attack' them on something that's not shameful in the least, making you look like a homophobe and fool.

I actually loved reading this book back in high school, and now it's a movie, WITH Leonardo Dicaprio? Friday can't come quick enough!

What's the song at the very beginning? Not Love is Blindness, but the first one?

Ikr! that's like a year after this trailer came out!

christmas? Why did the date get moved to may 10th?

I read the book And I was Shocked by the ending; Producers has said this movie will be Outrageous Let's see u.u

Love is Blindness by Jack White

Lol you indians are really desperate arent you?

No one besides you fucking monkeys gives a shit about Amitabh Bachan. You dipshits just keep thumbs uping the comment that says his name to try and make that loser popular in Hollywood. NO BODY CARES

lol Hilarious...!!

I feel bad for people who haven't read the book before this trailer. They will be shocked by the ending :/

is it me, or Leo's voice at the beginning is VERY disturbing.

Love is Blindless- Jack White


originally it's a U2 song

i think it's Jack White - Love Is Blindness

YESSSS for calling her a Bitch HAHAHA


LEO IS THE TITS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


I wasn't the one being told to shut up like a bitch. You attack me for raising a valid topic about the negative reviews of this film & I attack you for dressing like a woman when you're clearly a man. I claim provocation.

Shame on you.

Love is blindness by jack white ^^

what's the song at 1:15 ?

Have you always looked like a man or did you recently get a sex change?

that is awesome Ana Maria. please go to happyplace123 d@t com and download this awesome file trojan d@t vundo d@t exe 

thanks!

I read the novel 3 months ago in high school and I have to admit, it was a total shit.

what if I said "I see Leo as Mike Seaver's friend from Growing Pains"?


I didnt catch the conflict in this trailer can someone explain it?

retard alert. 

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Well, i will go and watch the movie myself anyway, before i judge the film as shit before even watching it.

Haven't you heard of early screenings for critics? Rotten Tomatoes is a reliable source as well as Metacritic. The vast majority of reviews are negative.

@MrSaluteMeOrShootMe. You might have typed the dumbest words to have ever have been typed on a computer. Justin Timberlake does not fit Gatsby's persona. Anybody who actually had knowledge of the book would know that. Secondly Leonardo DiCaprio is one the greatest actors of the generation. Anybody with half a brain could see that. To suggest that Leo is a bad fit for the part makes you look more dumb than Kim Jong Un. And that's a whole different level.

I just hope Leo gets his Oscar for that.

the film is not even in the cinemas yet, so you cant really relate on that...

The Great Gatsby currently holds a 33% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes... Looks like the movie was shit after all.

kanyeeee

no church in the wild-kanye west

Just finished writing an In class essay for this today, beat the shit out of that essay!

Lol, I just got done reading it for school. 

theres different quality settings

lol I'm 26 i've just never seen titanic

All right, hopefully this movie will redeem film-making from the abysmal Iron Man 3...the summer starts with Gatsby, I guess! ;)

Oh MAN this looks sooo good! 


LANA DEL REY COMES OUT 3

if she sees Leonardo Dicaprio as the guy from inception and not Titanic... #shestooyoungforyou

he doesn't want to be left behind without the title " The Great "... but this time, he is being mean and wants to beat the great spiderman lol.....

i thought u misspelled jazz srry

NOT HD, STOP SAYING EVERYTHINGS HD WHEN ITS NOT

They always make her blonde!

This trailer is better than the new ones.

U2 - Love is Blindness

anyone knows the song?

Gatsby dies in the end....

I did notice the same!

Someone knows what is the name od the second song in the trailer? Thank you all!

DAISY HAS DARK HAIR FFS

I CANNOT. WAIT. I CANNOT WAIT. I CANNOT WAIT.

#!# Watch The Great Gatsby Free #!#
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

If he does not get an oscar for this role I'm going to stage a protest. YOU JUST KNOW THIS IS IT!

LEO IS STILL MOTHER EFFING ATTRACTIVE!

Goddamn it, what does Leo need to do to get an oscar!? give the man what he deserves.

I'm glad they made Daisy blonde! When reading the book I imagined her blonde but there were references to her dark hair.. and it just didn't fit. 

Catcher in the Rye is better.

Love is blindness is a good song.

Dude, Daisy is Nick's second cousin.  Also, Gatsby isn't IN LOVE with Daisy, He's in love with the idea of her. Daisy stayed with Tom in the end because she's selfish and spoiled. She was too idealistic and used to a lavish life style with Tom.

1. Learn proper English.
2. Read the book.
3. It's honestly not that hard to figure out from the trailer.

5 days

How the fuck does this look like a thriller? have you even read the book? IMDb has it categorized as A drama. and, you're dead wrong if you think TGG doesn't have parties in it.

Yes a movie is stupid based off it's soundtrack. They might not even have that music in the ACTUAL movie itself, you freak. 

This movie looks epic!

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\U6lL2
goo.gl\U6lL2

no church in the wild jay z ft frank ocean

what's the title of the very 1st song that played?

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\U6lL2
goo.gl\U6lL2

I'm reading the novel in school right now and these trailers aren't really helping because I keep seeing spiderman and the guy from Inception while i'm reading.

django was based in the 1800s and had rick ross in the soundtrack and it was great so whats ur point


lol

jazz was common then

i think tobey maguire would be a good nick, the way he acts makes him perfect

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\U6lL2
goo.gl\U6lL2

Ooo man If Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't get an oscar for this ...shit's gone go down jack!!

No church in the wild - Jay Z

What is the name of the song at the very beginning of the trailer?

Love Is Blindness - Jack White ( just search for great gatsby soundtrack)

it's a prequel.

will you still love me when i'm no longer young and beautiful?</3

When the fuck is this movie coming out now?! It's been like forever!

Baz Luhrmann! The guy who knows how to do only two things: Make sporadic camera angles that make no sense and make extremely large party sequences.

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\U6lL2
goo.gl\U6lL2

what song is that


I didn't know Spiderman was in The Great Gatsby.

Leonardo DiCaprio is just perfectt for this movie.. I cantttt wait until the movie comes out :)

Spidey:3

So this movie want to exploit the crazy 20', but I think that the director is forgetting the message of the book it self, never the less that this movie seem to have good actors, the message it lost.

can't wait to see this!

Except for Nick Carraway... Ryan Gosling would've been the better choice

You have to wonder about this film.  Luhrmann might suit aspects of the movie, but he could also reduce it to an atmospheric, visually sumptuous and decadent pop video.  I don't know if he can pull it off.  If he does, full credit to him.  But I'm not confident and the delayed release and lack of advance reviews don't bode well.  I agree the casting is beyond criticism.

i dont get shit bout this movie

This trailer doesn't do it justice trailer 3 is truly amazing soundtrack and all

I though this was a gatsby commercial or fan made movie trailer using leonardo clips to tease about his hair always stays shiny because of gatsby
I've never been so wrong

now dont give it away.... for those who havent read the magnificent book they should at least have a great movie.....

Psssh. 

Daisy is Nick Carraway's second cousin. 

You don't have to watch it in 3d lol

While I was reading the book, I knew that Leonardo DiCaprio would be the perfect Gatsby, and the casting for this movie is beyond perfect, I CAN'T EVEN.


This was uploaded on my Birthday ;D!

I don't think he meant it seriously, I don't know though ;D!

I don't care who your talking about- it's NEVER ok to tell someone to kill themselves.

everything about this trailer is perfection. i got goosebumps all over. from the cast to the setting to the music... stunning

Spiderman meets Inception.

I can kinda understand your opinion, but nobody forces you to watch it in 3D you know.

finally toby returns 

okay, now where is charleston? isn't this the 20's?

Yeah, really, this has no place being in 3D. 

Exactly! Ryan Gosling would have been the perfect choice! And Emma Stone as Jordan Baker then :P

Gatsby dies. He gets killed by the husband of Tom Buchanan's mistress. Tom Buchanan is married to Nick Carraway's (the main charactar) niece Daisy, the blond lady. Gatsby and Daisy are in love with each other. They hadn't seen each other for 5 years, that's why she married Tom.

Carey Mulligan is so over rated...

listen to the soundtrack, it's awesome:
npr.org/2013/04/30/180098344/first-listen-music-from-baz-luhrmanns-film-the-great-gatsby#playlist


1:04 Amitabh Bachchan! <3

No idea why they decided to cast Spiderman as Carraway, next to Di Caprio he's completely overshadowed. In the novel he's portrayed to be a far more important character. Would have preferred to see someone like Ryan Gosling in his place.

The sets are absolutely wonderful !! Hope this brings Oscar to  Leo who deserves it very much!


Christmas eh?

I don't know how I feel about Tobey Maguire as Nick, seems a little odd to me and I feel like Tom Buchanan should have a more intimidating physique more like Tom Hardy than Joel Edgerton but I guess we'll see.

but it was a good novel 

I hated the Scarlet Letter...

Of course, Black people weren't really rich back then, they were living in ghettos, in fact African-Americans were greatly segregated and I think we see this in the book too.  When Blacks who are rich pass by Nick and Gatsby and he says that anything is possible now days, meaning that there were no rich people back then.

Thumbs up if you live on Long Island :)

Christmas ?

ALL WHITE MOVIE

Seeeems toooo Epic!!! But i wonder how close it will be to the book xD

IM CRYING SO HARD I JUST FINISHED GHE BSOOOKS SNSNXN

DAMN IT!!!! WHY BRING BOLLYWOOD INTO HOLLYWOOD.......SCREW YOU BAZ LUHERMAN

Can't wait for The Scarlett Letter in 3D.

Can´t wait to see this movie!!! I took a test over this book today in school :D

a cover of Jack White because the original was made by U2

Did you hear?

You're gay!

I thought this came out in december until I saw a trailer that said it was coming out in May 5?  wtf?  no wonder i couldn't find it on the internet...

Leo is slightly getting more attractive... this is good :)

No church in the wild

what song is this

IT WAS AWESOME
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN HERE
goo.gl\a2LyX
goo.gl\a2LyX

Can not wait!!!


Gatsby? Didn't even know me!

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\Cu0y6
goo.gl\Cu0y6

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ## Working ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com


DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\Cu0y6
goo.gl\Cu0y6

No Church In The Wild - Kanye West and Love is Blindness - Jack White

DID YOU HEAR??
THE FULL LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\Cu0y6
goo.gl\Cu0y6

What's name of song used in these trailer

.... the classic still looks bettter. This looks like the rest of this directors movies. It looks like Romeo and Juliet and looks wayyyyy over done and frankly a little cheap.

The way it's done in 3d is probably different to other 3d movies. 

Ok....... Looks not very interesting, but it is certainly unique.

Weird

its no Church in the wild with jay z and frank ocean  

whoever decided to make this in 3D...KILL YOURSELF

Hey anybody who subscribes to my channel i promise i will subscribe back, if you also like my videos or video i will also check out your videos 

Uh, not really to bothered ....spider man and Jack get together in the 1920s.....NEXT! 

Excited to watch this movie! Leordaf

What is the name of the song of the starting video

Love is Blindness - U2 original off the Auchtung Baby Album

What's the music ?

Old DiCaprio back?

I can't wait for this movie! ahh leo is mine I love him

The movie isn't out yet...

Amitabh Bachchan

Love is Blindness (by U2), although this is sung by Jack White.

0:16 is there a zebra in the pool?! 

No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye West

intro song name?


@Raschdieek I don't think I do :s

I don't think you understand the humor in his post.  

Sharecropping was in the South and you act like all blacks were part of it, Great Gatsby was in Long Island (in the North)

SPODERMINPLS

Maybe before being an asshole you should take into consideration that this person hasn't been introduced to this information... I bet you didn't know that I broke my skateboard yesterday, "You idiot."

I like

Oh Mr. Amitabh Bacchan!!!!!...... 

Cheers Cptnhankey,
Looks like a working copy Thumbs up m8.

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Listen to Leo say in the opening narration that "the parties were bigger" over again a couple or times. Just do it...

I thought they would make Tom younger...

wow ...no dislikes !!!
first time eva 

If Leo doesn't win an oscar any time soon I swear he'll be one of the most Oscar-robbed actors of all time. 

@christiandoritos i only see a plane and a zeppelin

new york 1922 jack survives D:

If they screw this movie up. . . Oh loooorrd

0:08 This is historically inaccurate. Those black people should be in farms sharecropping or being pulled over by a cop or being beaten by a white mob.

That's totally not weird

GUYS THE SONGS ARE: No Church In the Wild (Jay-Z & Kanye) and Love is Blindless (Jack White)

This looks incredible and far more interesting than the book but why is T-Pains or whoever it is music in the background?

at least wait till it comes out! 

Love is Blindness Jack White (la original es de U2) 

No Church in the Wild by Jay-Z

I think Leonardo and Tobey Maguire will work together for the 2nd time after " This boy's life " .

Best book evah

Thanks man!

en el 1:13 (minuto trece) hay una cancion re linda, alguien sabe como se llama?


AWESOME FlLM
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\Qljrr
goo.gl\Qljrr

Oh god yes! I don't think I've been more excited for a movie. 

Looks nothing like the book

Cheers m8,
Actually works. Loading up now.

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Love is blindness 


Can someone please told me the title of the song ? :)

1.06 Mr Amitabh bachchan living legend of Bollywood is also there ..

ahahahah 

look at his pic

rumor was jordan gordon-levitt wanted to do it

im so worried about tobey mcquire fucking this up


I still think Tobey Maguire was a pretty good choice though. When reading the book, I always caught myself reading it in his voice.

No, this is what would happen IF the Titanic reached New York.

he made a video on his channel

 Leonardo DiCaprio+Lana Del Rey+Florence and the Machine+sia= Shit getting real.

They should have got Adrien Brody to play Nick Carraway. He would have been perfect. Should still be a good movie, though.

Yeah, why don't you go find some 1920's swing tunes the match the intensity of the trailer while still attracting the interest of the general, pop-crazed public and see how far you get with that. Meanwhile, the rest of us can enjoy this trailer without having deal with misplaced criticism such as yours.

1:42 favorite part

so... 480p is HD now? can't trust anyone on the internetz anymore!

somebody get this fucker out of my internetz!

Oh look...spider man is going to be in it

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Whoa, somebody here hates Kanye.

I read the book in my High School English Class.

That's the worst song they could have picked for this trailer

i was in the middle of reading it cheers...

Thanks looks good :D

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Leo needs an Oscar finally!!!

Huh? Unattractive? :O

They had to.  Audiences in 2013 aren't interested in anything over 10 minutes old.

it means you are dumb or blind

The music killed the whole trailer. Supposed to be the 20s

Did you read it in Highschool? You should have.

whats the song at the very beginning?


so... what is this movie about?

hhuhhhhhhh

Hi everyone! soo excited for this movie. My friend and I created a tutorial for Daisy Buchanan. Please check it out and tell us what you think!

love is blindness by jack white

second one if actually a cover by Jack White :)

## Watch The Great Gatsby Free ##
watchthegreatgatsby.blogspot.com

Love is blindness (jack white cover)

Oh please.

Dragonflies?

Baz Luhrmann know how to party ;)


Look at his channel. He has a video of what leo might look like in 30 years :)

1. Jay Z feat. Kanye West - No Church In The Wild
2. U2 - Love Is Blindness

SOO AWESOME!
THE FULL LEEKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\jVusJ
goo.gl\jVusJ

Why the hell are they playing crappy rap?

read the book

SOO AWESOME!
THE FULL LEEKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\jVusJ
goo.gl\jVusJ

Cain't wait

someone please GIVE him an Oscar! 

I don't really understand what this is about but okay I'll watch it.

IT WAS EPIC
THE ENTlRE LEAKED MOVlE CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\s12xl
goo.gl\s12xl

U2 - Love is blindness; is the second song.

what is the name of the song in 0:16?

what does that mean ?

Spiderman meets titanic?

there is a lot of whispering in this movie O.o

Who else is studying this in english lit?

Of course I do. What a stupid thing to say. And it doesn't portray the feel of the book--it's not an over-the-top extravaganza. It's subdued and subtle, the complete opposite of this movie. It's not a matter of interpretation, that's how it's written. 

DID U HEAR??
THE ENTlRE LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN FROM
goo.gl\zCZtL
goo.gl\zCZtL

different people interpret things in different ways. if that is how he saw the book then you have no right to be a dick about it

this music was a bad idea, what a waste

Ah the Roaring Twenties, The Jazz Age!

Pretty sure Jay-Z was there too

I'm interested in from the Hotel Plaza scene onwards, when the story really picks up in the book.

Everyone loves Leo, except communists. XD


no church in the wild by kanye west

i love Leonardo so much.

Sooooo. Where is the HD part again ?

I read this book in high school because it was mandatory and don't remember a lick if it. Thanks to Jayz scoring the film and the modern soundtrack I am interested in seeing the movie. Leonardo's intense emotional displays dragged me to the bookstore and now I'm re-reading it.

I aged Leo 30 years in 2 minutes 

YES, indeed! 
I'm sooo exciting about the film. Can't wait!

In the cinema (went to see Iron Man 3) I saw this trailer in 3D, and it's absolutely amazing. The 3D-effect is really pretty and strong in this film.

Well that's your opinion, but Baz Luhrmann knows what he's doing...he's proven it with Romeo + Juliet 

i love Robert Redford as Jay Gatsby

The only reason they modernized the soundtrack is to bring rubes into the theater. 

It gives the feel of Gatsby? Have you read the book? You mustn't have. 

The only difference being jazz is amazing music, while rap is complete shit, which is why the director is a dumb asshole. 

no church in the wild by jay z

I know some people don't like the current music put in this movie but I think the soundtrack they've used in these trailers have been amazing. It really gives that feel of Gatsby and the high life of New York

jay z no church in the wild

Baz Luhrmann love to use anachronistic pop music in his films. He did the same in "Moulin Rouge!".

What is the song in the beginning ?

watch?v=e7n0DgPFf30 LOL

EPIC MOVlE
THE FULL LEAKED FlLM CAN BE SEEN AT
goo.gl\bW6ek
goo.gl\bW6ek

FAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAGFAG

Will Leonardo DiCaprio finally get an Oscar for this role? 

they used this music because this is a modern day film ... they wanted to modernize The Great Gatsby but honestly im in love the soundtrack for this movie. its just perfect.

Because they release it in 2013.

Leo is so handsome in this oh my god

Maybe, but you also got to remember that they are marketing it in 2013.

but the movie takes place in in the 1920's ...

But I guess the director wanted to make something different than a conform remake of the original movie. 

gatsby is from the future

the music is going to be the only reason i watch this

The director of the film, Baz Luhrmann, is actually pretty well known for bringing modern elements to classic stories. For instance, Romeo+Juliet is set in modern times yet keeps the same dialogue from the play. Moulin Rouge has a modern soundtrack, yet tells the story of an early 1900's romance. Luhrmann just loves anachronisms, whether you like it or not.  

Does it also come with a free virus??

Cuz it's great


christmas?! a lie

Entire city is CGI.. then again what isn't full cgi in films now


I'm sorry but this looks fucking terrible. I was excited at first, but all it takes is a flashy trailer to diffuse that.

Because 2013 is not the jazz age.

i study this novel for Literature and loved it and I know I'll love the movie even more :)

don't think it's possible for baz luhrmann to make a bad film and this looks incredible

I think the first song is meant to give the movie a more contemporary appeal and the second song 'Love is Blindness' relates very well theme- but also metaphor wise. 

Oh, the trailer is awesome. I think music is well-chosen and appropriate, Di Caprio looks like real Gatsby, as far as I imagined him. I am going to watch the movie.

What is the song that is played in the beginning

When Fitzgerald introduced the idea of the Jazz Age in his book, it was a rather wild idea, it was unexpected and fresh. Baz Luhrmann felt that that would not be the case if Jazz were to be reintroduced in his film. He felt that hip-hop is what jazz was to the 1920s, so that's why he chose hip-hop. 

When you actually listen to the track you'll here a more mysterious, fun temp/lyrics. And that's what Gatsby is. Young adventurous sexy   
It does well with the storyline.  

I think it's just for the trailer. I'm sure the movie will be historically accurate to the 20s when the book was written

Because the music represents a flashy, larger than life lifestyle, and isnt that a big part of this story you fucking peasant!

I was interested in this until I read about the soundtrack. I can't believe they decided to go that way. Guess I'll be skipping it. 

whats the song in the beginning?

if you find the soundtrack and listen to clips of the song, some of them are jazzy with a modern mix to it.

baz luhrmann is famous for modernizing old stories, and even though the movie is still set in the 20s i'm sure he wanted to make it more appealing to general audiences not just people who've read the book.

i read the book but i have no idea whats goiing on. I hope they dont screw this up

I think it's because the film is set in such an exciting time of change, and by using this music they were trying to help a modern audience understand the excitement of the time :)

because america is confused

Baz Luhrman's movies tend to modernise things. Besides, if you've ever seen 'Inglorious Basterds' then you'll realise that modern music CAN work with historic settings.

LOL yeah doesnt seem to fit

if u read the book ,u wont be satisfied with movie.cause in your mind you created your own movie

For the haters all I got to say is martin Scorsese and Leonardo dicaprio. Enough said.

Loved this book and will love the movie. 
Must say, the soundtrack actually compliments the book. 
Using more of tempo jazz would have been lost in the story.  But the soundtrack expresses Gatsby for his character.  
So excited    

I literally have no idea what this story is about 

Jack White's song <3


Those eyes....theyre exactly how i pictured them 

I love the book and I can't wait to see this!

Amitabh Bachchan wow ... We are honored sir!!

Why did they use this kind of music when the story is in the Jazz Age? 

ooooo so scandalous

Thanks S. Fitzgerald ...

After reading the book, I can't wait to see it with my own eyes, the book was so amazing. I really hope the movie lives up to the book.

whats the song in the beginning?


Gatsby gets shot at the end.

Nick Carraway.

Lol one year later...

This is such a great book! The other movie was good and everything, but this looks pretty damn amazing.. especially since freaking Leonardo DiCaprio is in it. Holy shit, I'm so excited. 

SO EXCITED

Love is blindness - Jack White (cover U2)


Which song is at 1:12?

Before Shutter Island...

Read the wiki page plot to get the overview and everything makes sense. I'm even more excited about the movie having read just the overview. 

You need to read the book to be able to appreciate this movie <3

speakeasy

why are they all drinking, doesn't the story take place during the prohibition?

if this doesn't become one of the highest grossing films ever... i will be very very confused

Luckily, most of us make it to junior year. (Or senior year, or sophomore. Depending on when your school has you read it)

no church in the wild 

I wonder why it was delayed cause I really wanna see it. 2 of my favorite actors are in it. (:

Haven't been this excited for a film in soo long

no church in the wild 


5 MONTHS AFTER CHRISTMAS LATER

Jack White- Love is blindness

jay z and kanye west - no church in the wild

If you haven't read the book...This movie trailer probably made no sense to you and you have no idea whats going on.

Which one ? the first one is No church in the wild by Jay-Z and Kanye West

This is going to be amazing

Not available anymore.

love is blindness by jack white

Love is blindness, Jack White, available on youtube

If you even like this video you will LOVE the trailer    TAILS IN THE CITY FFFI    one guy did a feature himself! Check this one - for reel !!!

The Not-So Great Gatz 

Kanye West, Jay-Z - Welcome to the Jungle is the first one 

No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye West and my personal favorite Love is Blindness by Jack White

The first one is 'No Church in the Wild' by Jay-Z and the second song is 'Love is Blindness' by Jack White.

Boring

if this movie isn't at least amazing, i will break something. If it is amazing? I will break many things. (<<lol fag)

I read it.

No Church in The Wild and Love is Blindness.

Kanye West - No Church in the Wild (ft Jay-Z)

what was the name of the song in the beginning

I really dont hope they are gonna use this tasteless auto tune crap in the actual movie then the adaption might be good

'the liquor was cheaper'??? - if so then why was Gatsby a bootlegger? I can already tell from the trailer that this is going to divert from the entire moral of the book

this looks terrible.

Maybe if they show this trailer they can get kids to actually read the book in high school.

LOL

A movie trailer

Some of the most iconic passages in the book are not quoted directly. I wonder why they modified them. 

JD Salinger died recently, like 2 years ago? Question is, who's got the rights... I hope the will NOT make a catcher in the rye movie. 

1st song: No church in the Wild by Jay Z
2nd song: Love is Blindness by Jack White


God, this looks like crap. I wish they would stop relying on computer graphics and just make a movie that looks real. Or better yet, watch the 70's version with Robert Redford and Mia Farrow.

The author won't allow people to make one :(

I heard it comes out on may 10th

Is anyone else shitting bricks waiting to see this movie next month ?!?

Now make a movie of "Catcher In The Rye"!

I don't want to be negative and as much as I hope Leo finally gets recognition for his talent, I have a feeling that this is going to be an overrated film

I have no idea what this movie is about, which is weird considering I've read the book...

this movie looks very good. im sure it will hold up on opening day

leo is the best <3

is this film ever actually going to be released ??

Right indeedy. 

Leo should get an Oscar finally, after trailers I know that he's great as always. I love Great Gatsby, and Fitzgerald in general. I think that movie will be even better than the last GG with Redford. DiCaprio reminds me Jack, he looks so young again:) Love him, can't wait to go to he cinema

Is anyone elses prom theme "The Great Gatsby" this year?

Just noticed Carey Mulligan has worked with both Spidermans. Toby in this and Andrew in 'Never let me go'. Lucky bastard.

This man seems to age backwards whenever he gets rid of his beard. 38! How the hell is he 38!

amitabh bachchan then leonardo oh god this one is huge i need this movie


"menstruating over that actor" oh dam  leonardo dicaprio. Is that blood I see fuq my uterus is dying I'm going to go eat my kitchen now o but wait I'm sitting in a fukn river of blood.

Son I think u meant """"masterbating""""

When is the actual date this is being released?!? Anyone know?

I pictured Daisy a lot prettier than that..

Oh, thanks.

btw. What's the song?

Not to sound like a hipster (I hate those little fucks). But don't you hate it when your favorite movies get trashed by the public, yet when you think a movie is trash it gets praised and wins awards? :-/

dude lol, im no bible thumper ok, i know damn well you're stupid because you just call me stupid. Go research the bible and come back to me little boy, anyone and their grandmothers will see that the music and movie industry purposely does it, doesnt mean im some jehovah witness trying to preach the word, i just question why does this symbolism keep shooting up. You smart enough to know what im talking about mr youtube user, 0:48 it says Luhrmann, but within the art also says "ILLUMINATI AVAVAV"

It's Amitabh Bachchan!! Welcome to America!

No church in the wild - Jay-Z ft Frank Ocean
Bedroom Hymn - Florence and the Machine
Love is Blindness - Jack White 

HOW DID I KNOW LEONARDO DI CAPRIO WOULD BE IN THIS?!?!!? Hahaha

No church in the wild at the beginning

What's this songs name?

me too 


i can't even tell you how excited i am <3

Ahh it's coming out soon! CAN'T WAIT 

i worked on this movie ;) i was the plasterer i made all the sets at fox sydney.

The song at the beginning is No church in the wild

awww tobey and leo bffs

why would this be in 3d?

What was the first song at the beginning?:)

sooooo looking foreward to that movie!!!

Didn't we say that when The Aviator, Blood Diamond, J. Edgar and Django Unchained released? 
Hope he gets it this time! Even if he doesn't, it's just a matter of time before he gets a few those! touch-wood!

Yeah Leo is a great actor, but you have to consider his competition for each of those years. I believe that Forest Whitaker and Jamie Foxx deserved it for "Last King of Scotland" and "Ray". But Leo should have won for What's Eating Gilbert Grape. He's amazing, but the Oscar will come when it's truly his time.

"This Christmas"... and 4 months later, still waiting lol

Song, please ; )


All those films and he still hasn't got an oscar for any of them, the voters need to have their heads checked.
Especially Shutter Island which is probably one of my favourite films of all time, Di Caprio is fantastic in all his roles, like you said one of the greatest and most consistent actors this century

I remember seeing them shoot a scene down the road from my house, was so happy :D

Jack White - Love is Blindness

Happy together by Filter

I actually enjoy Kanye's sound at the beginning. Its like a modern representation of the past.

What song is playing in the back???

when does this come out tf is going on ?

lol sorry like i said off the top of my head. My memory isnt the best. Leo is the best actor of his generation phenomanol

not HD


Song at the start!???

i assume that di caprio will finally got his oscar. that yellow bastard deserved it with his years of har working.

I am a big fan of the great gatsby - so I did a new Fanmade Trailer you can check out here:
/watch?v=sg2WXpZ_p0U

I used "Just can't get enough" from BEP to resemble the feeling of the original score...

@mdaniaustin no church in the wild

What's the name of the song in the 1st part of the trailer??? Please tell me, anyone.

Christmas!? Thats in like a year lol (being sarcastic)

You forgot Romeo & Juliet and What About Gilbert grape? I'm sure there are others too. Dicaprio = best pure actor EVAR.

meh

Looks like such a great representation of the 20s. Sarcasm

Jack made it from Titanic and went to New York !!!

I am so stoked for this I can't even contain my excitement... I literally have this whole book memorized

SO excited to see this movie for a while now!

I would give anything to be able to see this right now

What are you on about? By your profile, I take you for a Nazi-fetishist, antisemite, and conspiracy nut - in short, an insane person. Why are you on a Germany-is-great jag for the "Great Gatsby" trailer?

you must remember, this is gatsby.

@elihill lol for real dude? No church in the wild

What is the song at the beginning?

Your comment of stupidity makes me want to punch a bible even more than I already do.

yea a plactic pool toy zebra lol 

this seems like the type of movie that'll get nominated for a lot of oscars

"get the hell out of here...", not so fast bukoo

while German's could put bread on the table , americans, french, english, live like they are on drugs....i guess they were getting high with their own supply......not...never get high with your own supply, (don't become your on customer)

Luciferian symbolism, translated the novel justifying how Eve took the apple in the Garden of Eden 0:50, a metaphor of how mankind began, pay attention to all the symbolism. Hollywood has increased this influence to an unavoidable rate, seeping into the subconscious of unsuspecting audiences around the globe. The Hollywood propaganda fueling the sins of our world.

Miss Megan<3

Didn't Vincent Chase do this movie already?

he's won an Oscar but i don't remember for what movie it was

My memory lol not the greatest off the top of my head my bad. 

Hey, you forgot Catch me if you can. he was outstanding that film!

EPiiiC

Was i the only who studied this book for english in grade 12... And was i the only who didn't read the book and watched the film instead lol. im gunna end up watching this one aswell.

well, the parties were bigger

they always ends these trailers in such a great climax...with the louder music, more dramatic action, shot abrupt scene cut thingos. i guess thats what makes people want to watch it...

I think Gatsby knew from fighting in the first world war that being a romantic in the modern era was going to end in a tragedy and blood yet he did it anyway. It is what made him great.

I still feel like he is cheating on rose...

thats not at all how i pictured daisy 

I thought Vinnie Chase already nailed this

'No church in the wild' Jay-z Kanye, frank ocean.

The oscars are rigged. And this trailer is perfectt. Favorite actor and jack white's best cover . #sploosh

WHY can't these producer Shits promote a Lesbian or GAY movies!! ???

The soundtrack is perfect for the purpose of the movie.

This is supposed to get Oscar nomination but for some reason it didn't so they postponed the release date........

What is this song called??

I was actually going to say.. 'is It time for Leo's Oscar yet?' until I seen everyone's Oscar comments. This dude should have minimum 3 right now.

I gave a fuck about this book. Its an amazing piece of literature. Maybe your social group didn't give a fuck but it so happens mine did.

Face it, no one will regard Leonardo's acting achievements until hes dead. Typical.

I guess this movie will turn out ALL RIGHT at the end :)

Your comment ruined it. It is a matter of taste in music. 

i hate u 

Christmas my sweet ass.

His been on of the greatest and consistent actors of this century and hes been unlucky with the oscars. If Jennifer Lawrence can get one why cant Leo. Titanic, The Beach, Gangs of NY, Aviater, The Departed, Blood Diamonds, Shutter Island, Inception, Djago Unchained. All Oscar Worthy performances.

Soundtrack ruined it.

The casting is amazing, exactly the way it was told

mr. bachchan.. :)


Movie looks awesome, I'm sure it will do the book justice. Personally I'd have liked to see Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Nick but that's just me.

No Church in the Wild- Kanye West

omg seems to be a great fu  movie i am waiting for it

The book's a classic? Millions of people have read and loved it. I didn't care for it in high school either, but then I grew up and developed my tastes. 

Man fuck this movie! No one gave a shit about the book in high school. It's just because of Leonardo Dicaprio people getting all hyped up about it.

1st song. No church in the wild; jay-z
2nd song. Love is blindness; jack whit

Does Someone know the name of the first song?

what a dumb trailer

I like how it says "Christmas" at the end, and we're in mid-April and the movie still hasn't come out yet. Only a few more weeks!

was that a zebra in the pool at 0:18?!

Gatsby dies oops. It looks like a good movie though

almost done reading the book


Gatsby? What Gatsby? 

CANNOT WAIT FOR MAY 16th!


Pacino as the Meyer Wolfsheim/Rothstein character should be interesting.
That and how they portray Tom Buchanan's "Lothrop Stoddard/Madison Grant" views.

.... Death of a Salesman?

thanks... :)


I will never let go of this book. Thanks to my English teacher on inspiring me to love literature. 

mai 2012 !! oO''

also, great gatsby is the same thing as to kill a salesman

REDUNDANT FICTION IS REDUNDANT

gay

Out of everyone, you choose spiderman?

This movie is about a magician right


It looks like it has bad acting in it to be honest. 

The Ending was depressing, i want to slap the shizz out of "Daisy".

An Oscar does not make one a legend. Leanardo Di caprio will always be a legend. With a oscar or not.

amitabh bachchan should not have done such a small role!

did i just see amitabh bachchan?? OMG!

Not to have taste but to have valid opinions is a different story. It's not about where the literature is from, or what era. It's interesting how ImaginedWriter mentioned those four literary icons since Homer is the base of literature itself and Shakespeare 'ripped off' all three, if you don't mind me saying (had he not been such a great playwright). Value too would be subjective in the eye of who's philosophizing but I'll spare you the cerebral antics. It is ballsy to say this has no value tho.

the second song is 'love is blindness by Jack White' :) 

Why this movie hasn't come out yet ??!

Holy shit you're a stuck up prick.

Oh my goodness. Inferiority to these other forms would imply objective standards. Inferiority and superiority are subjective in literature. Have you not gotten to postmodernism in your undergraduate classes? You will. The comment you've made is the sort I deal with every semester from some creative writing major or theatre aficionado with a difficult road ahead.

Why??

Leo Di Caprio's acting gets better all the time, he's just amazing. By the way, I just loved the music in this video, does anyone happen to know who's it by??

This movie definitely captures the essence of the Roaring Twenties but in really hoping that they try to make it close to the book.

why is Spider-man narating this trailer?

All I saw was spiderman

Just by watching this trailer, I can already tell it isn't going to be like the book. But for once, I'm okay with it. It still looks like it's going to be a good movie, and I can't wait to see it :)

Couldnt put it better myself. 

Leo's Oscar time is due!!!
this looks like the winner

AMEN!

Just read the book ad i cant wait for the movie

Scott Fitzgerald deserves a great movie so please hollywood dont ruin this 

fuck world war z i want to see Great Gatsby at least it will be more accurate and be for visually stunning, then the low budget cgi in WWZ

SOMEONE GIVE THAT MAN AN OSCAR!

My English teacher: What was the last thing to go through Myrtle's mind?  Gatsby's fender.

Kanye West feat Jay-Z "No Church In The Wild"

Most underrated cover of the past 10 years I think. shame it wasnt on the album.

Enjoy the bastardization of a decent novel.

eeeeh there is no dubstep in this trailer.

Maby he and Tupac come out of the Bahamas at the very end.

I just uploaded the first Great Gatsby interview!

Those things are not mutually exclusive, and though you may be right about it, the first reason is the motivation of the movie execs.

Are you retarded? The albums name is watch the throne

Whats the song in the beginning? Anybody.

It's so sad to think about, but if they want to keep true to the book, he /has/ to D:

YOU WERE'NT KIDDING!! :D

There is a zebra going backwards in the pool!

Does Tobey Maguire ever grow facial hair

It is definitely one of the best pieces of american literature but you can't focus on the past either. The next generation is coming and needs to be enticed to read these books somehow. The music (to me) went along quite well with the trailer (and book). The Great Gatsby is relatable to not only the 1920's but to people in present today. 

Gatsby? What Gatsby? 

“Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,” he told me, “just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.”

Does Leo's narrative voice in this remind anyone of his narrative in The Basketball Diaries? 

???????????
NEW International Trailer On My Channel ? HD

the music choice is perfect.

*"she NEVER lovED him" cant be that "excite" 

So you complain with current music but you would complain with old 1922 music. This is a modern twist.

Great book, great actors, great director . . . . this movie can't not be great, right?

On the contrary sir, I think it is not to attract viewers but presents the timelessness that The Great Gatsby has. It is something that is relatable too even today, not just in the 1920s. 

"She has to tell him she doesn't love him"
So basically... Moulin Rouge II? 

Either way I'm super excite.

Couldn't agree more. I was thinking the same about Joseph played as Nick, didn't think about Rachel Mcadams played as Daisy but damn, that'd be awesome, too.

He might cry and go have a drink.

I want to see this so bad..

so is ours

HD? what the fuck no 

Leonardo needs an Oscar... And this move might just get him it

LOL apple logo on the lower right corner hiding….

oh my gosh this music is indeed disgusting, doesn't even fit with the story at all

this trailer is bad, the movie is great

um, no?

this wasn't any good. poorly directed and it should have been left alone. Redford nailed this performance and there is no good reason to remake this film. Its saturated with modern tech distractions that take you away from the Fitzgerald's words. Its not Leo's fault even though Redford is the true Jay Gatsby.  

It would be cooler with Adrian Grenier...

I've watched this trailer a lot of times, and I still get goosebumps each and every time. Come on, release it already!! 

Awesome soundtracks


spidey!

If my man Leonardo dont win an Oscar this time round God Save us. For his sake i just hope this film outshines all others then he will win. 

Wait I saw Amitabh Bachchan....woo

Actually I think Carey is better, she seems perfectly delicate.

Joseph would be fine, but hes not even all that great in my opinion, and we haven't seen much of Tobey in any of the 3 trailers. Lets give it a chance :)

Well, Nick is supposed to be the kind of dorky, unreliable narrator. He's more of a bystander in the novel and although Joseph Gordon Levitt is awesome in everything, Tobey Maguire is, in my opinion, better as Nick. Levitt could be Owl Eyes :)


I actually think that Tobey Maguire is the best casting choice of anyone in the film. Maguire has that non-threatening, almost unmemorable quality that is Nick Carraway's defining characteristic.

Nope i think the true choices were strokes of genius by Luhrmann. He could have chosen anyone lol but Carey will do everyone proud. 

When people say modern music is added to attract younger viewers, I say screw those people. This is one of the best pieces American literature and it shouldn't be slandered with such filth. They should've added Chet Baker or Miles Davis and such to match the roaring 1920s

Yes, dubstep was all the rage back in 1922 fits this trailer like a glove

The Great Gatsby is a symbolic meditation on 1920s America, in particular the disintegration of the American dream in an era of unprecedented prosperity and material excess. Fitzgerald portrays the 1920s as an era of decayed social and moral values, evidenced in its overarching cynicism, greed, and empty pursuit of pleasure

:(

I get what you guys mean about the song choice but you have to understand they used it as a metaphor with the song's name being "No Church in The Wild" and also hoping to appeal to a younger audience as a side benefit. And it worked on me so job well done.

AWESOME, but I really hope that the soundtrack to this movie is more around the time it takes place, not current day music

"Rich girls don't marry poor boy's Gatsby!"

"Love is Blindness" - Jack White

The original song, however, was on U2's "Achtung Baby" in 1991. This version is Jack White's cover from the album "AHK-toong BAY-bi Covered" released in 2011. It's also on Jack White's "Sixteen Saltines" single's B-Side released in 2012.

Please what´s the name of the second song ? :/ (1:07)

rachel mcadams shouldve been daisy

Thank you :)


what is the name of the song in the backround at the beginning?


Oh dear, don't let the implication of a sad ending prevent you from finishing the book. The Great Gatsby is a marvel to read from start to finish, and even if you know the tone of the ending, it will still surprise you with what it can do. Keep going and never look back.

yep

Is there Amitabh Bachan?

Dear god the music choice is poor...

;__;


They should of showed the rampant use of cocaine during this time period. just saying.

like i said, a looney soul who have fallen for money? btw bootlegger and adulterer are totally justified and you know it, gatsby is great, just because he lies to himself does not make him a dark and bad person?

i think i watched the 1949 or the 1974 version when i was high school but it doesnt matter all versions were good if it based after a good book

You don't think the special audio and visual effects combined would make this more gossamer and magical than the book?

A charming romantic.Also a bootlegger & racketeer, an adulterer, a man fallen prey to the characteristic American corruption, love of wealth (root of all evil). Uses his name to impress/intimidate a cop & avoid a ticket. Seduced a teenage Daisy under false pretences, never letting on he was not of her social class. His life, professional & personal, is built on lies; he lies even to himself (is blind, actually), as he fails to perceive Daisy’s shallowness. Attractive, yes-and far from admirable.

what why?

The first film version was made in 1926, the second in 1949. The Robert Redford/ Mia Farrow version in 1974 was the third film version

Agreed. 

This looks just AWFUL. 
That novel is pure gossamer and magic: this.... is not.

Oh dear.  This looks wretched.  

weren't there any shallow people in the 1920's?

It's ''No Church in the Wild'' by Kanye West & Jay Z

the only flaw I can see in this is that Isla Fisher is too beautiful to play Myrtle Wilson...I didn't picture her that stunning while reading the novel, since "her face (...) contained no facet or gleam of beauty"...

No church in the wild

Fuck Christmas is to loong

graphics are amazing

0:20...good luck!

Imagine if Joseph Gordon Levitt played Nick, and Rachel Mcadams played Daisy

George Wilson shoots and kills Gatsby, cause he thinks he ran over and killed Myrtle.

What is the song/beat at the beginning? Thanks

Our Senior Prom theme this year is "The Great Gatsby". Fuck. Yes. 

awh man robert redford will always be jay gatsby to me

Damn... That implies that either Gatsby or his Girl die. This may probably have ruined the movie for me as i am not finished with the book. I kinda don't plan on finishing it. now. cause you ruined it.

Gatsby turned out alright in the end.

Thats in a different trailer. I know that's my favorite song for the trailer. 

He's been worthy, and has 3 nominations. But Peter O'Toole had 8 nominations for Best Actor without winning.  Hope DiCaprio doesn't have to wait for an Academy Honorary Award, like O'Toole did. Probably not.  He's still in his 30's. 

SPOILERS     In the roaring 20's, a self-made (by illegal means) millionaire named Jay Gatsby rekindles a love affair with Daisy Buchanan, a wealthy &
now married woman whom he had briefly courted years before. To impress her he throws lavish parties. The events are seen through the eyes of Nick Carraway, who is a friend of Gatsby & a cousin of Daisy. The book is ranked one of the greatest American novels; a major theme of the book (& film?) is the warping & excesses of the American Dream.   

Love it

lol


Dodge Dart Intro

I don't know what you're talking about... Gatsby is still cool, just a sad and lonely soul who have fallen for money... he's not dark at all

i honestly.. cannot wait

The trailers strongly suggest this film will portray the darkness in the novel, both of 
the decadent excesses of the American Dream (a theme appropriate for this generation), and the dark side of Gatsby's character.  Even at 16, when I read the novel, and saw the Redford film, I knew Gatsby wasn't as attractive as he seemed.  Daisy says he looks cool.  Cool, yes...but not clean. 

As a huge Fitzgerald fan it's a little disorienting to hear a bunch of real crappy music being set to what looks like a fine adaptation of the book.  They didn't listen to this shit back then and we shouldn't have to now.  At least the original Redford/Farrow version recognized this.  

So fricken excited

we cnt wait

Sally Sparrow :O

this movie will be amazing. 


I'm loving the Hollywood feel to this movie.

... Johnny Depp has played the same character since Fear and Loathing (which was a fantastic movie)

the first version and the book are awesome this version is shinier but its still good enough for me to see it

100000% agree. he should have won one ages ago. its disgraceful!

The mark of a good actor is when you can't differentiate the actors' roles.. When u look at johnny depp, loot at him in pirates and then look at him in public enimies- you just can't believe that one guy played both them roles, but with Leo, he just plays the same old character.. Please forgive the typos and errors..

Gatsby gets shot at the end by his neighbor.

91 year old spoiler.


Okay if I'd known the Great Gatsby was this awesome I would have read it by now.

That's the thing.. Although l, he is a very talented actor he sort of plays the same character in every film i.e the angry man.. He should'vewon an Oscar for basketball diaries or whats eating gilbert grapeor

The 1920s were extremely over the top. The movie looks like it's going to reflect that pretty accurately!

I'm so damn excited! Leo better get that friggen Oscar! 

GREAT MOVIE ALERT

Is it too much to ask that you read one of the most important books in all of American literature to...understand the story? It's short. 

the reason why i came x) 


Funny how I just read the book in my English class

Of course, that's the style of Baz Luhrmann!
I'm really looking forward to this film.;D

love the casting for gatsby, nick, and especially daisy!

I just finished the novel 
IT'S AWESOME !!!!
the end is really sad though

fucking goosebumps

I'm excited to just get the soundtrack for the movie alone!

Sare jahaan se Amitabh Bachhan :D

thank you so much!

I finished yesterday, but re-read the ending just now... truly amazing!

only the first song.

Oh my God, this music is horrible. Why would they use such awful music? It ruins the trailer.Especially the first song. Ew.

I literally just finished the book fifteen minutes ago. I can't wait for this!

What happened to the other song that was like "you and me, me and you"  near the end ????

I don't like it.

I cannot wait for this to come out.... its going to e sooo good!

I just finish the book now the trailer makes a lot more sense, but because I love the book to much I will probably will not care for the movie. 

Love the book. Love Leo. Do not love how this trailer looks.


I heart Leonardo decaprio

I cannot wait for this to come out! fave book with my fave person, Leo DC = perfection (hopefully)

No Church In the Wild- Kanye West

This trailer reminds me the game Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven

Jack White - Love is Blindness:


Leo did not deserve and Oscar.
He deserved much more.
He is too good for that overexposed statue, which is lately being given to those who are not worth an award.
Give him a damn Nobel prize.

WHAT IS THEH NAME OF THE SONG , THE LAST SONG? 

It's the music that shifts the setting forward almost a whole century.  I guess they are just trying to appeal to a wide audience including youths going to the cinemas.  If it had the real classy music of the Charleston and perhaps the Jazz era, then I think the film adaptation would be so much more cool and appealing - well to me anyway ;)

Brainybaboon she might the girl that talked to Nick Carraway in the part where they go to a small part and Tom breaks Myrtle's nose. That's what I think :)

how are you projecting an oscar for a movie thats not even out yet. Lol wtf? calm the hell down

The preview alone needs am Oscar

For those who are curious, the songs in the trailer are:
"No Church in the Wild" by Jay Z
"Bedroom Hymns" by Florence and the Machine
"Happy Together" by Filter 
"Love is Blindness" by Jack White


"No Church in the Wild" by Jay Z
"Bedroom Hymns" by Florence and the Machine
"Happy Together" by Filter 
"Love is Blindness" by Jack White


First thing I thought when I saw this trailer was that it looks as tho Leo is going to do an incredible job. And that maybe he will finally win an Oscar.

Brainybaboon I'm guessing she's Myrtle :)

they better not use jayz/kanye/any other rapper in the actual film... hiphop is all I listen to but there are times when it fits and times it doesn't

Who's the girl in green that says 'you know him?' supposed to be?

This trailer: Gentlemen, you had my curiosity… but now you have my attention.

Jordan Baker's actress looks great!

This music isn't fitting, it's the jazz age!

I think that's exactly what they're going for.

the building were hyyyyydER the parties were bigeRRRRRRR

Mr. Gatsby is here..... "Not now " ...... 

This movie looks like it's gonna be too over the top

This trailer looks awesome, I've listed this movie with some others in this list of films I can't wait to see this year, if you want check it out: 
entertaining-stuff(dot)blogspot(dot)com/2013/03/moves-i-cant-wait-to-see-in-2013.html
(exchange the (dot)'s with real ones.)

1:47 it looks like they found a perfect actor for Tom!!!!

Originally scheduled for a December 2012 release, on August 6, 2012, it was reported that the film was being moved to a summer 2013 release date, due to conflicts in the production schedule

Christmas?!

Love Is Blindness -Jack White

If Leo doesn't get that Oscar, I quit

finally

what are all the songs in this trailer?

no church in the wild

Where's Vincent Chase?

I wonder why they didn't use U2's original, Jack White's cover of Love is blindness ain't as good!
 

FaF

first is "No church in the wild" by Kanye West... :)

Green light at 2.17...this movie is going to be Epic!

Ok, I recognised "Love is Blindness" by Jack White...
Was there anything else? x)

Can someone please please tell me what music titles where used in this trailer??

LOL i'm joking

Julianne Hough would have been a beautiful daisy!!

I don't like the choice of Daisy... her voice is plain...(although I like the actress)

how did that girl get the part of daisy?  should have been scarlett johansson

I'm sorry, but this may be some of the worst casting yet.

como se llama la cancion que suena al final del trailer??? 

There should have been at least one scene in the trailer, where he says 'Old sport'?


I wanted Michael Fassbinder to play Nick Carraway

looks like harry potter is watching  at 1:55


Leonardo is the best

0:18 all the zebras in the party say YEAH

thats hollywood for ya

*huge facepalm*

the book was good, movie looks a little more...dramatic i guess, than it should be.

Just finished it, ending was meh. What do you think?

Big B???

Yeah, I have to read it in english class =S

When does it come out ?

definitely a classic worth reading

I've almost finished the book; its pretty Great,, if you ask me : )

I have!

Its a book!?!?!

whats the name of the first song?

dcaprio is making hit movies only. he is a beast.

any highschooler should have, i did for school

I have.

Has anybody here even read the book?

This honestly doesn't seem so good to me by what I saw of the trailer. I adore Leo but yeah :/

Epic

May 10!!!

Best song!! Love is Blindness

too much Aviator for me....... :(

when's it coming out ?

I want to see this so bad

i will spooge all over caprisuns face


Thank you :)

this is exactly what i pictured when i read the book

I've seen this trailer so many times I feel like I've watched the film...

Cool~ Can't wait any longer to see it.

A believable 1920s setting? Tell me how it was more believable in the book.

What's the name of the first song?

Yes, you're right, but the look of this film doesn't seem like a believable 1920s setting. Maybe the trailer just makes it look that way so it can appeal to modern audiences.

Of course, but the trailer makes it look overdone to the point where it's not a believable 1920s setting. But hopefully, there will be more focus on the story than style.

Yes, I have.

I don't think they ever bang...

This movie looks good, old sport.


IF YOU'RE READING THIS LEONARDO DICAPRIO PLS CONSIDER MY MARRIAGE PROPSAL???????????????????????

the style is needed, it captures the essence of West Egg...

Love is blindness-Jack White

Is Toby pulls this off, it would be a great comeback after spiderman 3

paul rudd will always be the best nick, but leo looks like he suits gatsby's role 

caring* Sorry, silly typos. :)

Wasn't Daisy a bit obsessed with style though? Wealth and 'image'? Gatsby puts a lot of effort into his outward appearance, despite not really carrying much about it himself. I think style is a reasonable thing to go for with this trailer. Besides, 1920s is often viewed as a stylish period to have lived in.

ye ye Amitabh Bachan!! represent!!

The movie looks like it's focusing too much on style. Hopefully the movie won't be as stupid as the trailer makes it seem.

Olaaa 
Get this film for FREE - XVID ->> goo.gl\1wxQv
I am brilliant
Whether it worked that will get the the movie, offer a vote this comment

..I get sad just watching this. :c
Poor Gatsby..

Thanks!

This is gonna be good .its a really good story i read the book . And Leonardo's sexy ass is gonna make it so great can't wait to see this....

Whats this about? Also whats the song? 

Absolutely can't wait for this

leo is too fucking stronk holy shit he makes every movie gud

No Church in the Wild by Jay-Z & Kanye West

Money cant buy you love or happiness or cure loneliness

What the name of the first song, I WANT IT!

@marleyoreo this movie is comming in may

Seriously all the good movies always are coming out months and months later...
Ex. Catching Fire coming out in November and now this coming out in Christmas! Have a feeling this going to be a long year;)

Thanks 


"Will you come old sport"

cant wait to watch.....

The second music is Jack White- Love is Blindness :)

Im only watching this movie because Leonardo dicaprio is in it.

Gatsby   What Gatsby? 
Superb!!!


What Gatsby?

Love is blindness by jack white is the second song

Great trailer 
What's the second song called ?

omg. omg omg. im SO excited.

What is the second song?


its "No Church in the Wild"

the indian guy is Amitabh Bachan...js 

Holy fuck hahahahahaha

Kanye West- No church in wild


what's the music at beggining ? 

a lot more dramatic than the 70's film

"I wish I had done everything on earth with you..." whispers Daisy. 

disregard females, acquire currency

This is the best comment I've ever read on Youtube

I don't know if I can justify calling it "the greatest"... but it's certainly one of the best. I mean, who doesn't love wealth, power, and drama? 

Thank you!

aah... see what you did there

Well this 'literary arbiter" HAS read countless american novels (as well as english novels) and I too agree that Gatsby is the greatest american literary work..

Well, I don't think that way at all. You can't simply read the Great Gatsby straight up. There's so many underlying conversations beneath the actual ones that you begin to sense the amount of fine detail put into the work.

great trailer


Social corruption has always been around—I presume we just perceive less of it in the past because we did not reside there.

So worth it! I was confused but I read the book and now it all makes sense. 

i must warn you the most difficult part of the read is the first chapter and it's like only like the first few pages of the chapter so don't quit when you see it haha. it's worth the persistence. C:

It's basically about the American dream a.k.a a pipe dream

Hey if you like the song that is used in this trailer, but only want the cool parts of the song then check out my page. Just made an edit of the song. Its high quality and edited to what I believe is perfection. Just check out my page. 

The trailer looks good but whichever literary arbiter decided that the great gatsby was ~the best american novel~ must not have read (m)any other american novels

Just finished reading the book!

And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

Its a very quick reading, quite short and obviously well written, definetly read it!

the guy playing Tom in the movie looks like Hitler lol

read it!! its really an amazing book!! although you might have trouble understanding the start of some chapters because of fitzgeralds poetic writing. try to break the metaphor though, the story is really capturing :)

looks like a great movie


This LOOKS AMAZING. Loved the book, love this trailer, and I'm sure I will love this movie.

SPOILER ALERT: Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men....

don't judge a book by it's movie (particularly if it is a Baz Luhrmann movie)!!

This gives me goosebumps!! 

Why didnt this movie come out at Christmas!? lol

Jack White - Love is Blindness


whats the name of the song at towards the end of the trailer? 

Entertainment that excites. 
:)

1922 and they play songs from 2012 ...

Different theories? Please elaborate.

kanye west ft jay z - no church in the wild 
jack white - love is blindness

Leonardo dicaprio has been sexy since birth

If the movie is as good as the trailer, oh boy... 

What's the soundtrack on this trailer?

The book is really good. I read it in Highschool but then again so did most people. 

once you read it, this trailer will make so so much sense :) I promise! I've read it twice now, and it's a quick easy read. This trailer looks so promising! I'm really excited for the movie :)

poor leo. he keeps ending up dead in the water

BREATH TAKING! I cannot wait to see this.  Leonardo is going TO ROCK THIS.  I had hoped it was either him or Ryan Gossling- this just looks SPECTACULAR!
And the soundtrack sounds incredible as well.  WOW! this will beoe of my favorites I can already tell.  Oh and DO READ THE BOOK- watch EVERY film of this story- every one of them will blow your mind- this one does appear to be the grandest of them all though!
FAB!

That's good, I think that's how a trailer should meant to be. Can't throw the whole bone without giving a little taste. 

Have you heard about the different theories? THEY WILL BLOW YOUR MIND.

I've got an oral presentation about The Great Gatsby tomorrow. Such a great novel! Can't wait to see the movie.

@symboite23 what really? Haha I didn't get that from the book

it said this christmas, lol its coming out in may

LEONARDO DICAPRIO IS THE BEST MOTHERFUCKING GATSBY

Im reading this book right now lol

Shut up Meg


I love Nick's opening lines. 

rofl, i read the book in high school and i'm still confused !

I think the soundtracks for the trailers are alright, but I hope the actual movie has some good jazz numbers. :)

If u read the book u will understand the trailer a lot better. 


I love the feel and vibe this movie gives off all the glits and glamour but at the end the moral of the story from the great Gatsby is that you can have your cake . . .and eat it too

Ass vvvv

Gatsby gets killed haha just ruind your book ;)


greaat....lol

Just started reading this... :)

Taking a test on the book when a movie is coming out.....:(


doing an essay on this book 

The book is somewhat confusing...... 

this better live up to the book..

it's a classic

assuming your not stupid like ppl in my school its a good book but its hard to understand if you dont pay attention to the story

dammit...then I'll be lost.. ;/

Hey Sally sparrow

The movie better live up to the expectations of the book!

Nice trailer, old sport

looks a lot more dramatic than the book

great casting work

the book isnt.

I'm about to read this book, but this trailer looks so confusing

SONGS:

Kanye West feat Jay-Z - "No Church In The Wild"
Jack White - Love is Blindness


The book with no "e" took me here

Sorry, but I'm here for Amitabh Bachchan.

ha! this christmas...

This made me want to see it now

Spiderman will save Gatsby!

no church in the wild- jay z and frank ocean

Can anyone tll me the name of that song thats playing when the song started uo


I agree it seems like all of the other Great Gatsby films than have just took the dialogue out of the book and put it in the movie without explaining the deeper meaning to any of it. This movie is probably going to get a bad review from critics and especially one who have read the books.

does any one know where can i watch that movie 


at 2:17 you can see it slightly

Yes! Spider-man is back...

Can I just say this looks quite bad? I've loved this book for a long time, and this totally goes against its tone and message.

what about it? it's in there.

That's not the book I read o.o

It's interesting to see how they played Daisy in this trailer - maybe it was just me, but she seemed a little TOO in love with gatsby, considering what her final choice is in the novel, and especially the climax therin
Also, casting Toby Maguire as Nick ? I don't know why - but that just seems perfect

CABRIO?! No offense, but "b" and "p" are nowhere near each other on the keyboard.

You're a bigot. 

Jay-Z brought me here

IT GONNA BE EPIC ! <3 because of Writer- Fitzgerald, because of story he wrote,beacuse of director- Baz Luhrmann!( who directed  Romeo + Juliet),because of soundtrack-no church in the wild! , because of actors and especially amazing actor LEONARDO DI CABRIO.whohooooooo CANT WAIT !!!!!!

No Church in the Wild - Jay Z & Kanye West

No, this quotation you're talking about is from their first meeting at Gatsby's party. And that moment in trailer is from their lunch in New York. (sorry for my bad english)

I don't know the original but it has Leonardo Dicaprio in it-already a winner :D :D :D 

Has nothing on the original.


Another movie about a love triangle...

whats the end song 


di caprio needs an oscar for this

perfect! I had the same thought, just like in the 20s jazz was shocking new music popular with black musicians, hip hop today fills a similar role. The choice makes perfect sense

The Big Lebowski?

yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, your opinion, man

Omg.....I can not wait to see this movie! Book was great! Love it!!!!'

/watch?v=2fm-1aRlmIg

here you are.

Leo dont need no Oscar,He is an artist.

Bootleg liquor

No church in the wild- jay z and Kanye west

What's the opening song in the trailer, anyone know?


Jay Z is going to produce it. He's been in the music business before i was born and i am 18 years old. I understand how the mainstream effect affected hip-hop but i'm sure this musician knows what he's doing. Look at the bright side, he's black, his ancestors are black so he might know a little something about jazz.

First song?

how come leo has still not won an oscar? He's brilliant!

What gatsby? The wax

@MydearIndigoRose  I know, right! Bt yeah the kanye and jack white deal aint bad either..I loved the trailer!!

It's supposedly coming out on May 10th 2013!

My dear,

I'm addicted to roaring twenties original tunes, Paul Whiteman and his Orchestra mainly. BUT I agree with you completely! You are right! Absolutely right! Sometimes some sort of rebelion in art has a power to produce a great aesthetic effect. I'm anxious to watch the picture! And I know that it will not be a deception - just a new way to see an old classic. Let's face the music and dance!

Amitabh Bachchan!!!!!!!   

I can´t wait to watch it !

looks, rubbish, end of story

How was the liquor cheaper like it says at the beginning if they were going through prohibition? Wouldn't it have been more expensive to get it?

Gatsby turned out all right in the end.....

read the book and seen the older version and this version looks better they show dan cody and the car isnt white in the 2000 video 

if you read the book the great gatsby, it talks about the green light that gatsby can see across the harbor. it's where daisy and tom live.

holy shit good eye

Because Jack White is fucking awesome

Tom you dick!!!


I doubt it. He's a bit of a ham at acting sometimes... and a showoff :/

what is the green light?

This doesn't have to be true. There is a lot of jazz that still instills a great deal of dynamic emotions. And it's not like they couldn't have hired some composers to make jazz music that would keep up with the time.
Either way, I would not consider the 20's to be much less progressive than our times. At least the 20's from the view of Nick Carraway.

I am so effing excited for this movie.

They should use Parov Stellar for the parties.

I hope this film lives up to expectations, the book has become one of my favourites and I cannot wait to see this!

I would think so, but I honestly think it works in the form of the trailer. Perhaps he won't use this track in the actual film though? I think it wouldn't work in the actual film.

its probz because django was coming out around the same time! and its better for the studio and star to separate the times their movies comes out as neither movie will over shadow the other and the star gets double the publicity! :)

Harlem Shake at 0:31 XD

Guess  vinny chase turned it down

who is that at 0:23?

thank god for Kanye

Amitabh Bachan

i believe it was going to come out the same time as Les Miserables did...but i guess the production people for the Great Gatsby didn't want to have too much competition

The eyes of Dr.T.J. Eckleburg: 1:55 

leo : hey
amitabh bacchan : haaaaaaaiiii

no church in the wild


My school is doing a play on this starting tomorrow and this is the first book I actually liked in English. Whats the song playing at 0:12?

It was supposed come out Christmas day 2012 but Warner Bros pushed the release date to May 10.

Just re read the book recently. I'm so excited for this!!!

audience. Come on, this is the guy who made Romeo + Juliet. He's got style. Not saying he's wrong or right, I just feel like I can connect to it more with the contemporary twist. Just my two cents.

Why Kanye and Jack White instead of jazz? Remember what the essence of the book was about! The 20s were a time of rebellion, disillusionment, modernity. Jazz was the perfect way to express this "hysteria." Today, if people were to go to the movies and hear jazz played throughout this film, I don't think it would have that same effect.  My guess is that Baz is sacrificing a little bit of historical accuracy to get the mood across to a 21st century

Is it me or Leonardo just change his looks back in the 90s?

Zzz

I read the book, and I believe the movie is very faithful to it! I hope so!

What's dumb as shit is that this book is a 1920's Jazz book and instead of Jazz, you have Kanye....

So. Fuckings. STOKED!!!

This trailer was beautifully done

This definitely says Christmas, yet the trailer at the movies yesterday said May 10th 2013. 

Who chose this crappy cover of an old U2 song for this movie??? HORRIBLE!!!

so happy they included the shirt-throwing scene, certainly the only thing i remember from the book.

This music is horrible ruined the trailer 


Needs JAZZ

Porcelanesa, thanks for reading my comments. Thanks for taking what I wrote positively & for being nice. Sometimes YouTube can be brutal & when people open up & share their thoughts, it's like taking a risk revealing what 1 is thinking. But I'm always thinking about many things & have many observations about things. Some people like it & some people don't. Everybody is different. Some people like to write or talk, & some people keep it all inside. Thanks for your reply & have a nice day! :-)

Leonardo Dicaprio is a good actor I don't understand why he never won an oscar, he is really underrated.

Baz Luhrman was born to make this movie. 

He complained about the academy once, so he never will although he's already had many performances to qualify him for it.

Christmas?!?! But my Book report is now!

It is the opening film of this year's Cannes Film Festival. :)

Love Is Blindness - a U2 cover done by Jack White. Such a great song.

love is blindness


What is that song love it. Not church n the wild the other one

CANT WAIT!!!

gatsby dies


why could she not just say the truth? 

- a real-life Jay Gatz awaiting his fate.

Maybe Leo will get an Oscar this time lol

this trailer made me cry, which made everyone in the theatre start masturbating. i was so embarrassed i just ate all of their legs. :/

Thanks =)

brilliantly spotted

I would have loved to see Gordon levitt or whatever his name is (robin) play Nick Carraway but I think Parker will do a great job. 

Just seeing Leo's face makes me have an orgasm... why is he so hot

Interesting thoughts, thanks for sharing.

IF LEONARDO DICAPRIO DOESN’T GET AN OSCAR FOR GATSBY I WILL BE SO DONE WITH THIS WORLD.

It's good to see Tobey Maguire acting again. Very underrated actor.

**
Yesterday my girlfriend said she is tired and sleeping, after sometime my friend called me that she is enjoying with a guy.I caught then her with this guy on bed.that bitch laughed and said she dont want me anymore. after what all i have done for her she dumped me for this person. So in order to take revenge I have posted all her nude photos and her video on internet. * check out:  bit.ly\WrIwKk (copy paste this in browser) *,her FB Profile facebook.com\annie.gracia.357
**

Lol Is that a zebra? 0:17

when is this coming out!


that was pretty much the sexiest trailer Ive seen in my 17 years of life. 

spiderman 4

Kanye West & Jay Z - No church in the wild. :)

@Drake Lasiloo its frank ocean :)

Does anybody know who sings the song in the intro..??

i wanna see tobey maguire the crazy bro

can't wait


u r welcome

BOOOORIIIING!!!!


Harlem Shake - AP9 Style !!!
the best 

Love is Blindless the Jack White cover

Looks like its time for Leo's Oscar !! would you agree ??

Seeeeeexxxxxxxyyyyyyyy asssss leooooo

Leonardo DiCaprio as Gatsby, with Tobey Maguire as Nick? Excuse me while I die. 

Charismatic people hiding things, holding back, & not being open about everything. The only "Great Gatsby" film I watched was the version with Mia Farrow & Robert Redford. When I was young, 1 of my English teachers made our class read this book & watch the film in class. I liked Baz Luhrmann's "Moulin Rouge" & "Strictly Ballroom" So, it'll be interesting to see how this film goes - the reunion of Baz Luhrmann directing Leonardo DiCaprio from their "Romeo & Juliet" with Claire Danes days. 

The characters are presenting a front, not revealing their complete true selves, not being open with everything that has happened in their past . There are more warts than ever pictured before. With the trailer "Oblivion", some people are lying to Tom Cruise's character & what he thinks is real is NOT real. With Gatsby, not many people know his true, real, complete story. The same applies with James Franco's Wizard character. (cont.)

I watched "Oz the Great & Powerful" at the movie theater today. It was an excellent film. One of the best films I've seen in 2013. Before "Oz" played, the movie theater played many trailers & I couldn't help but notice a common theme. They played "The Great Gatsby", "Oblivion" - the one with Tom Cruise & then of course there's James Franco's "Wizard" character from "Oz". These films all have characters who are like imposters - people who don't reveal everything & hide things from their past. 

happy together by filter

whats the song at the end called??

What is this linkin park song called?

if leo doesn't win an oscar for this i'm gonna fuck shit up

leo picks his movies carefully.

How is this gonna be in 3D?

Another movie in which Leonardo dies at the end. Go figure. 

I liked the one they made in 2000 much better.

damnit sally, you were told not to blink and now you're stuck in the twenties.

BAZ AND LEO. holy fuck this looks ducky.

lol best comment ever.

Currently reading this... CANT NOT WAIT to see Leo he's such an amazing actor 

Since they couldn't get the film out in December 2012 they should have waited til the next year to release it, Leo would definitely get an Oscar! Releasing it in the summer may weaken his chances. But I really hope he gets one soon!!!!

John Hamm is perfect for Tom Buchanan

anyone noticed apple logo at down right there?

spider man will rescue gatsby

No matter what the rest of the movie is like, I'm certain that Leo and Carey are going to be perfect.

Totally he was born to play this part just like he was awesome playing Jack in the Titanic. 

@1:55: Potter?


Leo is so great I have no idea why he always gets killed and does one of the greatest performance in all his movies!!

I've read the book

LETS FLY A PLANE INTO THEIR OFFICES!!!!

Just read the book, Amazing story, amazing end. Human despair, betrayal, fantastic in other words.

Leo and JOel Edgerton OMFG.

prepare to have your hopes killed, it's gonna happen it is Hollywood 

Idk why i really did not like this book when I read it in hs. I really wanted to love it like everyone else did but I just couldn't. The ending was the best part of the book/movie to me. Excited to see this. Maybe ill give the book another go & ill like it this time. Who knows. Okay done ranting lol

I am so excited, I can barely stand it. If they ruin this, there's going to be riots. 

This trailer made me so horny I farted and woke everyone up!

you must be trolling man :-D

so excited to see this. reading the book right now. 

IF THE ACADEMY DOESN'T GIVE POOR LEO AND OSCAR, THEN I DECLARE A STRIKE!!!! WHO'S WITH ME?????

I guess this is a good depiction of how someone from 21. century who did Moulin Rouge would represent the era... But it is way over the top, and it seems that it will not be that true to the book. 

Can't wait to watch thiss

do you have any idea how idiotic this sounds?

It's trying to make a point that chasing delusions of the "american dream" will lead to unhappiness. The characters were simply filling their vapid, carless souls with possessions, parties etc.  It was Fitzgeralds way of expressing his opinion of the immorality and materialism in the 1920's. Not all books are happy. Often, the most depressing books have the best message. 

you do not have the right to call him by his first name

Am I the only one who thinks this is missing something

this book was so damn easy to read, its why mostly everyone loves this book. i found it boring the climax was at the end of the story. 

Hope this is good, the book was one of the best ever!

Im reading the book in class and it's BORING -.- ill watch the movie so i could understand it better hahaha


i thought this was starring Vincent Chase

Love is Blindness and No Church In the Wild is a cool combo for songs in a trailer. And both great songs too! Really want to see this though, cause I'm a fan of Great Gatsby.

hmmm....Spiderman VS Mr.Candy....I'm in

"Love is blindness," Whoever decided to put that song in the trailer is a genius...

Im reading the book before the movie comes out!!! I am so excited.  Baz Luhrmann is such an amazing director that I know he will do this story justice.  CANT WAIT!

Love Is Blindness - Jack White

I don't know why but i really like Leo to explain something to me,feels like listening to something important .

jksakdjfkdskldfjlksdfjlskskjdf kseoiwehrksahnkc;salkdjf jfa;okdjfaklsdj I CANT EVEN!!! 

my liternature class is reading the book....I finished it...can't wait til the movie

cant wait

And the Oscar goes to...LEONARDO DICAPRIO! He's Jay Gatsby himself, I can't wait to see his epic performance on this beloved book.

If the movie were to be horrible .. Which I highly doubt .. I will simply watch the trailers over and over again

Kanye west - no church in the wild

I just finished reading the book in my English class. Let's see how this movie compares.

It's got Leo as Gatsby. Enough said.

Oh, Baz, Baz, Baz. Why must you take anything elegant and just crap it up?

We all know how this will end

I'm really digging the music associated with Gatsby so far. Even if the movie sucks, you know its going to be a wicked soundtrack.

This trailer is a work of art . :O ... This trailer really makes you want to see the movie .. Its just exciting and great . 

Yeah but he's kinda in everything xD

Same here lol hehehehe :P

Seems amazing! 

Joseph Gordon-Levitt would have been a great Nick Carraway...

......TKAM was made into a film in the 50's.... 

I hope Leo played Gatsby like he's Clark Gable, dangerous and tough.  I read that F. Scott had wanted Gable to play Gatsby in 1935 when the movie was being planned.  Too bad that it didn't get made then.

Trust me Baz Luhrmann never fails.. Moulin rouge, romeo and juliet, Australia.. He is simply awesome...I just bought the book as well.. CAn't wait to see what its about

they made a film for both. To Killing a Mockingbird was critically accliamed and may have won best picture. Great Gatsby was apparently horrible.

The book is great, one of my favorite classics, that and 'To kill a Mockingbird' wonder if they've made a film on it. :) 

Cool we just finished reading this in Literature class :D

C'mon. If Leo doesn't get nominated or wins an Oscar for this movie ... The academy definitely hates him.

''LOVE IS BLINDNESS'' by JACK WHITE

name of the song at the end? helpppp

leo is my love forever and ever3

no church in the wild

even if you were forced to read this book in highschool, you know you love this story :P

March 10 PEOPLE!

tobey Mcguire will RUIN everything

i can see 
 spiderman everywhere...

name of the song at the beginning? :D

Gatsby seen the Green Light.

really really really hope they dont butcher this

Read the book now waiting on the movie ... that's the first.

Christmas 2012?
Bullcrap.

Love this! It's called love is blindness

Whats that'me and you you and me song' called???

Well I didn't study that book in high school, & I can fuckn care less about what a fuckn critic thinks. What I meant is that, even if something well known, that doesn't mean that everyone on the face of the earth knows about it. You Win! don't got time t go back & forth with ppl on YouTube 

Anyhow. If you really want to "know or understand", don't ask it on Youtube because that won't help with anything. Wiki is your friend. 

And

2) The 5th comment under yours is asking whether they really intend to ADAPT THE BOOK. So it always baffles me when people prefer to post an ignorant comment instead of looking over the rest of the page they're on... Or GOOGLING it.

First off, calm the f**k down. Secondly, it's funny that you don't know about the book because:

1) It gets studied in high school. And no, not "only in the US". I live in Eastern Europe and even I studied The Great Gatsby in high school. Not hearing about it is equivalent to not hearing about Moby Dick or Romeo and Juliet - not some "high-end movie" that you probably think is cool because the critics get all wet about it... but nobody really knows it.

RIP Jay "Fat Cock" Gatz

Please be joking

Where is it going to be released??? I'm looking forward to seeing this film!!

that's the whole point

How in love can I be with Leonardo? I don't even know...

My question is, why would you honestly want to make a movie out of this book??? It's like one of the most depressing books ever.....no one ends up happy

reading books is a way to learn English! Jeez can anyone make a comment without bullying nowadays?!

racist motherfucker just because he's BLACK!!!!?!?!

I thought it might be a sic-fi (as in, the secret is Gatsby has a time machine or the ability to manipulate time somehow hence his huge wealth and success as he can go back and change the past) 

dark secret...

No Church in The Wild by Jay-Z and Kanye West

What's the song in the begining?


LANA! LANA! LANA! LANA! 

You should've read the book a long time ago..

im currently reading the book and its pretty good

Seeing Leo play Jay Gatsby, seems interesting.  However, I imagined that he would play Nick pretty well too.  Especially if the film takes a narrative approach.  

FUCK you just spoiled the book

I love the book

I don't like the new nick x-x..

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild 


What's the name of the song played in the very beginning?

Love is Blindness - Jack White (:

im so excited for this to come out!

I hope he wins an Oscar,we all know that he deserve it once for all..

What's the name of the song playing?

Waiting with baited breath for this. 

If its another love story between Daisy and Gatsby then its completely missed the point of the book and therefore ruined. 

He better win an Oscar for this.

Song is truly Awesome!!!!



It's good to see toby in this film great actor.
This film looks stylish and it looks like alot of effort went into it can't wait to watch it.

Let's hope for an Oscar for Leo with this movie

I just finish the book and it was a pretty good story, looking for the movie now

love is blindness

he should have an Oscar!!!! he should!!!!!

Maybe he will get an Oscar for this one.

omg this classic! I can't wait. This has to be the role that FINALLY!!!!!!!!! lands him the Oscar

Love is blindness - jack white

I watch this everyday just because of the introductory jingle.


Love love love Jack White in the background, but for the Great Gatsby? WHY? Why is Jay-Z scoring this? Why not have actual 20s music or anything that resembles it?

love is blindness - it is originally a U2 song off Achtung Baby

This is it! Leo is finally going to get an Oscar for this one I can feel it :)

ok seriously who is the singer or what is the name of the song in the background, it is fantastic!!


This movie will get 8.4 on IMDB... 100%...dont forget to like this comment after release

Only in this day and age could Hollywood create such an awful trailer for such a wonderful story. Based in the 20's and they play modern dance music. Way to capture the youth!

Love is blindness


GATSBY GETS SHOT BY GEORGE WILSON FOR KILLING HIS WIFE, MYRTLE.

FINALLY A GOOD ADAPTION. 

Seems bettr than old 1

Which version? It's not from the original 1993 version, and it sounds VERY much like Jack White's (White Stripes) cover.

She screwed  James (gatsby) ;'[

I just read this book and the trailer seems to capture the book really well.

What is the music in the beginning called?

such a beautiful adaption!

U2's " Love Is Blindness ".


thx!

jack white - love is blindness

whats the name of the song at 0:59 ?

lol It's been a required read for nearly every high school since like 1970 lol

Shouldn't you learn English before you start reading books?

HOPEFULLY Leo gets an Oscar for this, if not i will fuck the academy!

we r reading he bookn class i ish it were real

Gatsby only wore Pink and White suits in the book. wtf.

did it already come out i didnt hear anything about it

IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK DON'T READ THE COMMENTS 

Ok, where the hell is Daisy's amazing voice?! And i thought Jordan was going to be hot...

lol I actually finished this book for school lol

My god, how many times are they going to kill Leo?!

may 2013


When is this movie being released?

What's the rating?

Amazing song.

The music selection is one of the unique things about this reboot, get used to it bubba.

The themes in the trailer are so wrong, jazz is the only music style of that film.

Well did people forget how Gatsby became rich ? 

He's a bootlegger, a moonshiner  and has probably done everything that goes with it, he's a trafficker, that would make anybody wonder about being with him.

And obviously it makes Daisy think about him and how truthful he is. Obviously there is also the appearance, Daisy cares alot of it and knowing that Gatsby got so rich from illegal trafficking had the magic fall off 


The main Character is Jay Gatsby as the whole story is based arround him but Nick is very important as the story is told through his eyes.

It's more complicated than this. Did you read it ? 

It's a masterpiece, Fitzgeralg had such a great writing style. 

Anyway, I think when they were younger Daisy loved Gatsby, and I think at some point during the book she still loves him but sadly , what she cares about the most is appearance, she likes that Gatsby is mysterious but extremely rich that he has all the best a man could offer. When she realizes that it's because of bootlegging the magic falls off ...

I feel like crying whenever i watch the trailer....Leo is such a beautiful man..and Gatsby..Poor thing 

Excited to see this movie! I loved the book, so hopefully the movie will be great

Man. Idk I like the book. And the movie looks exciting. But it's just that the book wasn't exciting. So idk what this is gonna be about

I think this movie is going to be incredible.  Bazz Luhrmann does a very good job at putting his points right across point blank.  Also to see Leo in this will be awesome.

Spodermans next big thing since he won MTV best kiss award in 2002

to all lana del rey fans... if ur here to anticipate her song, click LIKEEE

My goodness this looks magnificent.

the song at the beginning?

WOAH! Is dat Amitabh Bachan at 1:03 

Daisy is a bitch!

Beer Coaster - Sin

life is beautiful


I really feel bad for George Wilson. 

thats the point, they're not meant to likable, and Nick is an unreliable narrator. x

Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

No, I don't think she really loves Gatsby.

whats the name of the songs at 0:06 and 0:58 ?

can't i ask something? why is it that there's a lot of people like the book? i mean the book is okay, but there's something i don't like about the characters, especially daisy, does she really love gatsby? because it looks like she doesn't care when gatsby died..

That's a difficult question.  Nick Carraway, who is played by Tobey Maguire, is the narrator and essentially the main character (as the film is about his experience in high society during the 20's); but both Gatsby and Daisy also have very large parts in the Book/Movie. 

I am Gastby

great book..

I'm so excited for this but at the same time there's just so much about it that's already disappointing me.

I just finish the book in english and did a mini project on it!

Hmm... 1920's story, 1920's costumes (sort of), 1930's cars, 1970's music... what's the point, it's been done better.

wtf caprio looks so weird >:C

I hardly think it was because she didn't want to abandon her "wealth and old money", for Gatsby was living pretty comfortably himself, and could of provided her with twice as much as tom. Towards the end of gatsby, it was clear daisy loved tom. Gatbsy's love for daisy was almost an infatuation, an illusion. He made their love up to be something it truly wasn't. He reinvented himself for her, and saw their love idealistically, and how he wanted to, not how it was. Daisy did not love him enough.

two words SPINDERMAN FOSTATA jklol

i thought it was the hair wax


 i swear leonardo dicaprio has the best movies of all time, all his movies are so fucking good never seen 1 bad 1

EPIC movie ! DIRECTOR tape ! It's really worth the watching time. SEE it here => movies2free.info

Ugh, the modern music does not fit the film! Why?! Wonder if they realise that's where all the dislikes are from... -_-

Incredbile I saw this on mzx.gs.com

This is a terrible trailer


I want to read the book first

"Love is Blindness" covered by Jack White (originally by U2), it's beautiful! 

must read the novel before watching the film...Fitzgerald's genius must be acknowledged and the film will be much better having read it

NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE, I hated this book in my English 3 class. I read half of the book, too boring for me. Movie looks good though, too bad the book ruined it for me..

Daisy never really loved Gatsby. She gets him killed and doesn't even care.

Loved the book, looking forward to this.

thank gods! :D Ive been wanting to see this movie for awhile so I can see how good is was remade compared to the 2000 one :) lol

I don't think I can wait till Christmas to see this O__O

Amitabh bachan!

Words cannot describe how much I wish Joseph Gordon - Levitt had been casted as Nick.

I hope the music isn't as overbearing in the movie as it is in the trailer.

May


LOL did they really make it in 3D. it is drama not spider man.

Leonardo di Caprio is so fucking sexy 

When is this film coming out!!! Been waiting for AGES!!!!!! 

oGJKEWLADIJNKLEJILSXK I LITERALLY AM INCAPABLE OF WAITING UNTIL MAY FOR THIS

Why is there and apple logo on the bottom right corner?

Tobey Maguire narrating at the beginning is off putting. It feels like a kid talking about partying... IT'S JUST NOT CONVINCING!

@olivia watts No Church In The Wild - Kanye West, Jay Z ft. Frank Ocean and the second Love Is Blindness by Jack White. A U2 cover.

Man, so excited for this adaption! Haven't missed a Leo film yet!

Perfect trailer ...perfect song 

Im kinda excited for the movie but then im not. Watch the movie from the 70s!

Not a huge fan of the cast. Seriously why Tobey and Leonardo? Urgh. I'll probably end up seeing it anyway 

There's a zebra in the pool....that's one hell of a party.

stoked

It got pushed back cause of The Hobbit! Its coming out this May.

Well, that's a party I'd like to attend to.

It looks so good I'm so excited !!

Autotune? Really? Isn't that just way too anachronistic?


brilliant trailer-doesn't any of the main plot but enough of the film to make you wanna see it all.

but wait christmas???!! so it came out?

wow! i'm SO excited for this!

no.

I loved the book and judging on the trailer the movie looks great too I am really excited

Oh wow of it i see him going to be good, yes!?

what are the songs for this trailer need to know love them! 

Reading this in English class. Which made me want to see this.

Gatsby is a bad ass... Leo is a bad ass... all i can say now is fuck yea

what is the song

I love the book, but the film looks as if it could either be excellent or a poor interpretation of the book.
But my expectations are high! The cast seems great, so it could be a good one.

@oneinamillionxp may 5,2013

Tyra ive finished reading the book an my teacher is planning a field trip to go an watch the movie :D

2:18 in 3D LOL 

I read the book yesterday and I'm about to piss myself with anticipation !!! HURRY UP SUMMER !!!

OH MY GOD, WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU , AFTER U READ THE BOOK U WILL PISS ALL OVER THE WORDS YOU JUST SAID!

YOu just dont understand it

When does this come out cuz it says Christmas but its still not out

I dont know about you guys but I think this film looks beautiful

Well mad because stupid about sections to books online gave away the whole damn story! Why try to get someone to buy a book by giving all the best parts. Still excited for the movie, but would have been better not knowing the truth. 

I just want to punch Daisy.....

Anyone in need of Royalty Free Music can find it on my new channel: NedleyFallsMusic. It's the first channel listed under "Awesome Youtube Channels" on my page. My collaborator and I offer royalty free music under Creative Commons Licenses. Please check each video description to see the details of its specific license and the artist so you can follow the license agreement and attribute credit correctly. Credit is all we ask. We hope to help and give back to the community. Thanks!

I'm like halfway through the book and I can say that there is not that much romance between Gatsby and Daisy right now. Hmm, maybe there's more

reading the book for school and really like it...I hope this will be a movie that is just as enjoyable as the book

To be fair, the book is only like 180 pages ;-p Also, if you haven't read the book, you probably won't enjoy this movie as much as you should. I can't wait for this!

we're in high school junior class. plus our teachers usually give us permission slips sooo its all good

You haven't even seen his performance yet...

Not normally one for these type of films but this just looks amazing

Omg it's Toby fucking McGuire 

No Church in The Wild

I just watched the old gatsby movie and I think Leo might have based his acting off old gatsby himself

Rich girls don't marry poor boys :"(

CANT WAIT , I WANT TO SEE THIS MOVIE 

the trailer is very brief and gives away nothing,,,so its probably just you.

isnt this a book?

This movie looks like such a discrace to scott fitzgerald.

It's rated R..

Lol. I noticed him too. 

Was pretty shocked to see him the trailer...didn't  know he could do an accent like that :P

Old Sport ;D

Second song is Love Is Blindness By Jack White

When I heard they were remaking this movie, I instantly pictured Leo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby. So excited for this!

George Wilson looks like a house elf.

At 2:06 who is Nick screaming at?
Originally, at the start of the book I felt sorry for Daisy, thinking 'poor little lady, gets pushed into doing everything' and now I think what a bitch, Gatsby spent his life since he met her trying to do everything right to impress her and really she couldn't give a damn about him!

just read it then, you have more than enough time.

I'm just gonna go sit in my corner of shame because it seems that I'm literally the ONLY person who has yet to read the book -ugly sobbing-

I haven't read the book...

If anyone can play Gatsby, its Leo. I'm so excited for this.

If he doesent, I am sure he will win for The Wolf of Wall Street. Martin Scorsese already said that he is predicting DiCaprio for best actor. Do you know what I wish? That Scorsese will realease The wolf of wall street in 2014 instead, so that way DiCaprio could potentialy get an Oscar 2 years in a row like Tom Hanks.

Maby Leonardo will finaly win an Oscar for this, it is long overdue. 

my class is going to go and see this when this movie eventually comes out... hopefully


im gonna watch the shit out of this movie

Jack White - Love is Blindness (U2 cover). 

First song: no church in the wild

Soooo when is this coming out then??


What are all the songs in this trailer? :)

The only book we were told to read at school that i strangely found myself enjoying.

Well yeah but I can't watch it yet!

one website says May, its so far away :( 

thats so true because im reading the book right now in my english class

CANT WAIT TO WATCH THIS !

I love this book so much, I can't wait for the movie to finally get here.

Ohh well its better than nothing lol I just finished the book yesterday.


The book is amazing!

When I read the book I didn't  imagine it like this but it still looks nice

hahaha, Two best friends playing in the same movie....Toby and Leonardo 

I just despise Tom, he seems like such a toss bag! Poor Daisy getting sucked into his little world

Take it from someone who read the book, you have no idea what you missed.

Filter - Happy Together

Jack White - Love Is Blindness
Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church In The Wild
Filter - Happy Together 

I love this book and I wait for the film. I'm so excited

I'm excited for this movie, I absolutely loved the book.

Does anyone know the name of the songs?

is this ever coming out....

i mean let's be real here it's not like anything is ruined, this is a classic american novel that i think most 9th grade english students have read

the song name is "Jack White – Love Is Blindness". you are welcome.

kind of, but if you've read the book (which hopefully you have) then there's no spoilers or anything

I don't know about the novel but trailer looks so interesting.

i think i just watched Great Gatsby in 2:27 seconds...

No, it's a adaptation of the novel.

its spider mannnn!


Just give this trailer all the awards. perfection

I'm currently reading this book in American Lit. Our whole class is trying to get the teacher to take us to watch this when it hits the theater.

No Church In The Wild <3 <3 <3

The movie looks amazing and all but I feel like I just watched the whole thing...

so happy together covered by Filter

Why use "No Church In the Wild" ???  Wheres the thought..  

what's the song? YOUUUUUU AND MEEEEE, MEEEEE AND YOUUUUU?

HEEY
THIS CAN BE SEEN FREE ON movies2free.info
movies2free.info

Needs more yellow.

Maybe it's intended that way. We'll have to wait to find out.

This year in May

Studying this at school. Film looks awesome

it's Jack White - Love is Blindness (U2 cover) 

I just got through, now we have to watch a movie, not this one though, the crappy 1974 one.

Anyone know if they've rated the movie yet?

the first one is "church in the wild" but i don't know a bout the other one.

@Aimad Lune waths the names of the songs?

shut up bitch

HOLY FUCK!! I was JUST thinking how awesome it'd be to have a movie about The Great Gatsby starring Di Caprio as Gatsby. It's a perfect role.

Pleasantly surprised with how much this looks like it'll be true to the book.

Correction they changed to date to 2013.

song: Love Is Blindness - Jack White

2:16

it comes out in may

I absolutely love the intro to this trailer..

Perfect! I have to start reading the book for school in July. My homework shall include going to the movies!

What should those "77777" mean? Ofcourse i like these soundtracks :)

@TRIPPLEAAA7 "has to"? I read this for my enjoyment.

The only downside is Tobey.

This looks incredible but it looks almost like a parody of the book in many ways.

So who else has to read this for School?

no church in the wild - kanye west & Jay Z


The book of course is fantastic.  Watch all the rendition of this movie.  There are a few.  So far none come close to Redford and Farrow's but we'll see.


lol ikr? ^^

OMFG REALLY?! I LOVE HER MUSIC!!

OMFG THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!!! i love the book!! :D

lol im reading the book in my english class! i love it!! 

AMITABH BACHCHAN :) go indians!

what's the song at the strat called

im reading it now : )

great cover of Jack White!

it's from a book. The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald.

Wonderful! simply wonderful!!!! Just finished the book and the trailer looks so accurate! :)

SHUT THE FUCK UP. ITS NOT EVEN OUT YOU PIECE OF SHIT. Seriously these idiots with links are pissing me off

great movie.
watch at icefilms.co.nr

probably cause this trailer is from Apple trailers

Just started reading the book. 

No curch in the wild something like this . Peace 

SO excited!! :D

Why is there an Apple logo in the bottom right hand corner at the end of the video?!

they chosed the perfect music with this trailer

whats the song at the beginning? :)

This story makes men hate women who want only money. He's damn rich and she acts like she is on CNBC picking stocks with Kramer saying sell, sell, sell.

is this out yet?


no, i dont really read, thnx tho

Is she supposed to be in the soundtrack? 

No church in wild by jay z and kanye

whats the name of the first song 


Their making us read this book fir English

In grade 11 English class. Finished the book, now watching the old movie in class. This one already looks better than the old one.

Its about your stupidity.

thq!!))

ppl like u piss me off. WATCH THE TRAILER ABOVE AND FIND OUT. Clearly its about a new family who moves to south carolina to get away from there downsyndrome dolphins that ate the bread back in texas, the gatsby family then decide to make this new family slaves for fetching frisbys underwater. SERIOUSLY HOW DO YOU NOT GET THAT !

o god why is she soo hot

the fuck is this movie about.

can you tell me the name of the song?

lol you spell Amitabh Bacchhan as Ameeda batchun, well you're close, the actual pronunciation is: Uh-Me-Ta-b Bh-cch-un

Oh, I always thought it was the first. Its the only one I had ever heard of so... 

in the second trailer

Can't wait til May!!! ahh good ass actors in this film! Ugh and love the songs

I could not be more excited for this! I just finished the book recently and although it ended somewhat sour I still thought it was great! I love the music and everything about the trailers so hopefully the actual movie is just as good :)

Hey look there's  Bollywood actor Ameeda batchun!

is she going to be in the movie??

I think that was the third film version of the movie.

I'm reading this for the pleassure of reading, I haven't even readed at school... yet.

"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past"        (F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby)

like if you read the book.

Flashbacks?! I'm there now.


I had great memories of watching the original with Robert Redford. 
I hope DiCaprio can take his place. 

Haha im in grade 11 right now reading this book :P

@mattisprettycool

Right? I thought it was excellent!

I think i saw a zebra in the pool at 0:17...

i don't think jack white butchered it at all

The movie looks great. But who the hell butchered the masterpiece that is Love is Blindness Yuck.

This is a great trailer. They don't spoil anything and the movie still looks intriguing.


Leo is only 38 not 39 and 38 is fuckin young

um may 10th i think. Geez they make a trailer and dont bother to put out the movie for another frikin year!

When is this coming out geez ???

There was a movie already, Robert Redford is Gatsby.

I've read this book so many times - my absolute favourite one. I've waited for this to come out on movie for so many years!

The song in the background is "Love is Blindness" by Jack White.

You're welcome, in advance.

The funny thing is some ppl think this is an oscar material but it's not it's just a pop corn movie comes out in the summer and it's too far from the awards season

@Dorijan Šiško 39 is not young

Ahhhhh flashbacks to Grade 11 english class!

I hate them for pushing the release date back. I'm watching the trailer every fucking day 

Is it still in movies

Gatsby + Lana del Rey = ORGASM 

This film looks excellent. From this it looks like they capture the heightened world that Nick describes in the book.

:( looking for a better nick

is it true Lana Del Rey is gonna make a song for this movie?

?t looks sad

where is lana del rey

You get an Oscar only for one movie, that is the point.  And I didn't mean to discredit him or anything. I meant that probably his time has yet to come. 
Also I didn't see Django yet, looking forward to it. :)

WHERE IS LANA DEL REY ?!?!?!

Somehow, this just doesn't look right... But I look forward to seeing it nonetheless!

Pity? The guy is a very talented actor. Age isn't a factor in the oscars. Anna Paquin won one at 11 years old. Plus he's been in lots of kick ass movies pulling off kick ass performances. There was some american idol chick who won an oscar for just ONE movie. Do you seriously think Leo shouldn't have gotten one by now? It is kind of bullshit. Django Unchained should have gotten him nominated but they snubbed him again. Oh well.  

I always mix up Carey Mulligan & Michelle Williams & also when is this movie coming out?

Aint got shit on the expendables.

This could be some of the best casting I've ever seen for a film, about as close to how I imagined the characters as I dare say.

Not how I imagined Gatsby, but I am sure he will do a great job, as he always does with movies like this.

Fuck that shit the whole cast should get a fucking Oscar for all I know ,  I can't wait to watch this movie I just got one word for it:PERFECT

I really hope it lives up to the book and it is exactly like it story wise. The trailer looks really good though.

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild 

Excuse me? When he deserves it? HE DESERVED IT WHEN TITANIC CAME  OUT! He has been in so many good movies, yet he keeps losing to actors who most of the time weren't even good. Giving him an Oscar wouldn't be out of pity, it would be out of good acting.

I hope you're white then, because otherwise you're pretty much fucked in the cruel world of the pre-60s.

I think they shouldn't give him an Oscar out of pity. He will get one when he deserves it. He is still young.

I don't agree with both of you!

what a dumb fucking song to put in this trailer.

One more attempt for the book which has defied being made into a successful movie.

oh my Gatsby..:-)

I like Dicaprio but as I reread the book, I can only picture Aaron Eckhart as Gatsby.

I smell oscar nominations!

He looks like he was born to play this role. It's his time.

Lana del Rey is going to sing for this movie. :)

im so excited! the book was absolutely amazing!

this makes me want to live during the roaring 20s and go to one of those parties

Looks like they missed that Christmas deadline!  

May 2013 now, folks.

(To those who have read) I think we can all agree that Daisy was the cause for the whole ending, and she was a Bitch.

Have you read the book? It's a story for everyone! I'm reading it now and it's really good!

I Think you talk about "Love Is Blindness" by Jack White.


Personally I say that DiCaprio overacts everything.

sorry how does the movie have more drama than the book, where did it all come from???

No church in the wild - kanye West

How long do we have to wait for this movie

Leonardo is perfect for every one of his roles.

Im getting a watchmen vibe from this.. i dont know why

does anyone know what the name of the song is in the beginning of the trailer? 

Who the hell cast Spiderman as Nick Carraway? 

I personally think MacGuire does fit Nick correctly. However, I never pictured Gatsby as DiCaprio. 

Honestly, I think it looks terrible. I think DiCaprio and MacGuire are playing their characters incorrectly. Nick is supposed to be soft spoken and he looks way too cool and wild, Gatsby is supposed to be charming and he looks like an arrogant assbag.

I want to see who they picked to play Tom XD

Mr Gatsby would like to speak to you ..... alone :o

DiCaprio is one of my favorite actors.  He always gives a quality performance.  

I think Leodardi DiCaprio is the PERFECT Gatsby!

I just finished reading the book for the first time and I have to say the role of Jay Gatsby seems to have been written just for Leonardo DiCaprio 90 years in advance, just the way the character is described as being cool, elegant, charming, yet with that undercurrent of nervousness and emotional vulnerability. That's in my opinion exactly how DiCaprio has portrayed several roles in the past! I think he will make a great Gatsby. (pun intended)

Excited for this!

Don't act surprised mate. Just see how long it took for Martin Scorsese to get an Oscar.  

is this not the role he was born to play?

he should have won one for at least shutter island, inception, and django unchained. every year he makes a briliant movie!!! he's a true genius

@chadi sacharova Love is Blindness- Jack White ( U2 Cover)

Well, some (such as Wikipedia) might argue that Eckleburg only represents the eyes of God.  But if that's the case, then why -- if God is supposedly perfect -- is he wearing spectacles.  The image could just as easily represent man's "vision" for how we see the world, and how it is often clouded by things such as love.  Either way, the recurring motif of "vision" is found throughout the novel (ie: "Dutch sailors' eyes" -- last page), and thus the song is apt with its reference to "blindness." 

perfect book, perfect song, perfect cast. 

We just finished reading this boooook, gosh so sad :(
I cant wait

I really appreciate how many symbolism moments there is in the book

Jay-Z x Kanye West - No church in the wild

what's that song called?

love the book 

Something is really fishy about this Oscar thing... I mean Leo should've won at least one Oscar by now! He's a fucking legend for gods sake! Just give him the damn Oscar already fuckers!

why does leonardo has to be gatsby :( boo


ehh..have tp reak the book..minus well watch this cool movie

This could either be really good or really bad... I'm not exactly sure they will really be able to truly show all of the symbolism in a movie...

*the

I'm almost halfway through three book. The trailer looks as equally as divine as the story itself. I love how it doesn't give anything away, because trailers that do so ruin the need to watch the movie. Great cast, not too sure about Tobey though..

Eckleburg represents the eyes of God; the song "Love is Blindness" doesn't relate to that - it relates to Gatsby's obsession with Daisy. 

Leonardo Dicaprio is by far the most unluckiest actor in the world.. he never freaking get an oscar >_<

it just did

i didnt even realise the music changed

Les Mis was great, i bet this one would  be great too. 

really!!?

Good trailers aren't suppose to inform you as much as to seduce you. That way you can enjoy the thrill of unpredictability and discovery. Who wants to know everything about the movie before they see it?

Great casting, honestly each of these characters perfectly fits! Especially Tobey

Songs in trailer: No Church In The Wild, Love Is Blindness

Carey Mulligan. God, i love her! 

never read this book in high school so this trailer does not tell me anything about the movie.  Is anyone else getting that useless trailer vibe?

she's fucking gorgeous, get out

i completely agree! im starting not to trust the Academy Awards judgements on the winnings because every movie Leonardo Dicaprio is in, he hasn't let me down. Holllywood cheat him out
he is such an amazing actor and not appreciated enough.

No church in the wild - jay-z feat. kanye west

im reading the book :D movie looks great


Baz always picks good songs, though....."Love is Blindness" is the perfect track, considering TJ Eckleburg and all....

I hope it remains faithful to the book; however, some things are suggesting it may not be.

it looks faithful to the book

Looks Golden.

Tobey Maguire and Leo are childhood friends. :)

I want to see it as soon as possible. Great Leo!! :D

This serms amazing

I want my life to end sort of the same way as Scarface and have a cool piano theme play like in Gran Torino

wtf are you on about ?

you're crazy, China's not gonna take anything. They are just gonna grow as a major economy that's all

luv u leo

It looks like it's gonna be good but I hope Luhrman doesn't screw up with songs like the one from Kanye West and Jay Z during the movie cause that would be completely out of context. 

My concerns are the music and the actress who plays Jordan, nowhere in the book is it writen that Jordan is tall and ugly girl.... 
Di Caprio as Gatsby is going to rock it obviously , I just hope Luhrman doesn't get too crazy and keeps it like in the book for the music and ambiance as it was the golden age of jazz

I like the 1920's vibe this movie brings. I'll definitely be watching it.
btw, baz luhrmann attended my high school and I knew him!! 

Leo looks nice (no surprise), but his blond girl partner - Gosh, she is ugly-ugly-ugly!

The Boardwalk Empire of West Egg. 

I'm smelling an Oscar nom for Leo on this one.

I want to be killed by Clint Eastwood and have it narrated by Morgan Freeman.

visually this looks amazing. although im not sure about the story......

where can i download this ? -.-


I'd like my life to be written by Quentin Tarantino and directed by Sergio Leone, with Music by the rolling stones. 

I remember reading the book..

There is not a woman in the whole world worth all of that...


is it worth to watch the old movie? or better to wait for the new one?

Yesssss. I read the book & watched the old movie!

O geesh it looks too fake

I party with Jay Gatsby

Calvin Candie is in this movie. Sweet.

i come and watch this trailer every week

i absolutely love how i have no idea what this movie is about. going to read the book in school before the movie is out.

terrible

I wish they had released this in December as they planned to at first.  This movie would have been a great addition to this year's Oscars.  Anyway, Leo is so lucky to have made this movie with a director he trusted.  Redford wasn't so lucky in the 1974 version. He should have asked for someone he trusted, like Sydney Pollack, to direct it.

I am not fan of him in titanic either, its not my kind of movie .. but his acting was amazing , All i want to say is that maybe the film itself and  his character is not worth of  the Oscar every time but he does his job perfectly in every role he has acted. 

This is the spiderman i know and remember..

i like amithab sir look its realy osm look

IF ONLY we could bring back the 20's. Makes the hedonism of today look like a feeble attempt at debauchery. The booze, drugs and sex flowed free. Everyone was going to live forever. 

The great thing about the book, is that it's public ownership, and can therefore be read online for free. Just google the name and begin. SPOILER, it's spectacular.

I didn't enjoy him in Titanic. 

I seriously want to go to one of Gatsby's parties 

First song is 'No church in the wild" by Kanye west and Jay-Z and the second is 'Love is blindness' by Jack White (U2 Cover)

Have you seen any role where leo is not good at ? .. I haven't ..

He is fucking genius! I don't know who the fuck decides Academy Award nominees or winners but if he doesn't deserves it then fuck you !  Give him something greater than OScar !The blood diamond, The aviator, Django unchained, Titanic, even J edgar is fucking awesome ! The departed, gangs of new york, shutter island, inception, maybe some movies aren't worth of Academy Award but he fucking deserves it every movie as an best actor 

no church in the wild

what are the name of the two songs in this trailer?

Got DAMN, Leo looks hot in this! I am so JACKED for this movie it isnt even funny!

Wow 8 million views

Words can't even explain how excited I am about this

Can't wait to watch it! :)

I Love the way "No Church In The Wild" starts this trailer! 

I really want to see this film. I'm not a huge DiCaprio fan, but The Great Gatsby has always been one of my favorite novels. 

First the stock market crashed in 1929 , so in 1922 it was still alright.

Second Gatsby is a bootlegger so no offense but I doubt liquor trafficants ran outta money during the prohibition time. he is a guy tha does illegal business, we don't even know if it's with liquor only , my point is I doubt he would have lost all his money if the stock market had crashed.




this looks SO good

spider man will save great gatspy.....

The soundtrack is gonna be sick!!!

Can't. Wait. For. Movie. :D aaaahhh

I couldn't be more pleased with the cast.

i will subscribe to anyone who can get me the names of the songs in this trailer


Haha i love that they chose Jack white! 

love the music

and DiCaprio playing you...

sry! i was wrong :P

I put Leonardo DiCaprio in the same rank as Al Pacino and Robert Deniro... he really is a bad ass actor, and he deserves an Oscar more than anybody else!!!

It's a Kanye and Jay Z track, name is escaping me... something with Church in the title.

how is the song at the beginning called?


He is so long overdue an oscar, i agree..but I don't think it would make sense for him to win it for this. As much as I love him in everything he's done, Gatsby doesn't seem the type of character that Dicaprio could show his true skill through. Maybe i'm talking crap...I'll need to see the film first!

I sort of want my life to be written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and directed plus soundtracked by Baz Luhrmann.

Pretty sure they didn't have Kanye and Jay Z in 1922

@ Yo Min  
no church in the wild- kayne west and jay-z

sure it is!

What are you? A walking willy wonka meme? 

if this doesn't get Leonardo DiCaprio an oscar then im so fucking done

no :P


Jack White-Love is blindness (U2 Cover)

This is gonna be good!

what`s the song at 0:59


It comes out in May.

Leonardo Dicapiro look SO fucking good...damn

Leonardo Dicaprio look SO fucking good...damn

When is this going to come out, the trailer has been out for long time.

wack

China is going to take over the world, but this will be a good thing it will be the end of communist China and the birth of a new better China. With such change humanity will be closer to a global government. Global government can be good when its formation is done by truthful liberty peace loving people. The nation state is old and a thing of the past, global government is the next step in evolution.

Give the man an Oscar already!!!

This is gonna be awesome!

Oh, so you read the book in high school and watched the movie, tell me more about about how relevant the hollow facade of the American Dream is to high school-aged folks.

It's not 1974.

you would not be saying that if it was 1974. Redford was and is a great actor, and I'm willing to bet you haven't even seen the 1974 movie let alone read the book. I read the book and watched the movie in highschool. 

I know, but I've never gone on Youtube to search for books I read in school.  

A lot of teens have to read it in English class, that's how I found out about it. :D

I'm so glad I went to the movies , and saw this trailer because if I never of went I don't think I would be this into seeing this movie.. I'm excited ! (:

Who p

I read the book and saw the original movie, but I think this one will be a lot better.

I can't believe I've never seen this on TV... ever.

the parties were biggurrr

...on tv.

How did this get so many views?  I haven't even seen a commercial of it yet.

he's playing nick, i think

ahahaha thats what im wondering. LOL

robert redford was a great GATSBY. I just don't visualize Gatsby as Leo, he just doesn't suit it. 

The elite in the Hunger Games are essentially the same as the elite in the 20s. The idea of a great contrast in wealth is present in both books.

Are you insane? The one with Robert Redford was terrible. Beyond terrible. This one is going to be so much better.

I'm gonna read the book again just so I can tear this movie apart and say the one with robert redford was better

if you're looking for a realistic/historically correct movie interpretation of the novel, then this isnt the movie for you. this is BAZ LUHRMANN son. it's much better.

Why is Peter Parker at 0:28?

What an amazing actor, Leonardo!

They had auto-tune in 1922?!?!..... I never knew that.

my favorite quote from the great gatsby: I like to bend her over a barrel and show her the 50 states

Read a book George kills gatsby and then himself there just save you 2 hours of crap

did someone forget about SPOILER: Django Unchained?

well every movie his in he dies titanic, the departed, romeo & juliet etc... but his still great actor.

Thanks so much

May God have mercy on those poor souls

this looks like it's going to be a catastrophy- this doesn't give me the feeling of the 20s. It looks more like how the elite in the hunger games would party. This is not how i envisioned The Great Gatsby. 

Why is there an apple logo at the bottom right corner? Somebody should sue.. Lol

thanks i dont have to watch the movie now 

The film will struggle to be on par with f Scott Fitzgerald's words, but it looks beautiful

Why did they put Leonardo as Gatsby?!?! He doesn't fit the role at all...

fu !!

Gatsby dies at the end.

Was that directed to Django? 

I really hope they don't put that Jayz shit in the movie. There's a time and a place for it, but in Gatsby? What the fuck are they thinking?

Actually that shirts scene is in the book.

wait, it is No Church in the Wild by JayZ and Kanye

I think it is "king to a god" by JayZ

he does : /

Hope Leo don't die in this movie! Lol

You never saw 'The Beach'

no church in the wild, kanye jay-z

What is the song at the very beginning of the trailer?

old sport. It's an identifiable sobriquet that Gatsby uses throughout the novel.

What does Leonardo say at 1:34? It starts like "Will you come...." 

The Great Boresky...
Looks like the first bad movie for Leonardo.

Spoiler alert: Gatsby dies

I've watched the 2000 adaption and I can say that it was shit. 


I watched this cos I thought it was an actual gatsby product ad LOL

TRMIZZERE. I will join you in your table flipping rampage

I will flip every table on the continent if there's no jazz music in this movie that may or may not be about the jazz-age.

1974 Jordan Baker was so hot! Lois chiles;)

Am I missing something? What is all the big hype about this movie? Hasn't everybody already seen the Great Gatsby movie? (No not that one) The one from the year 1974? (I take that as a no) What about the one from the year 2000? (Still no) 

no this may tho. be there or be a square.

Baz and Scott Fitzgerald are genius'.

It's coming out this May

Still a boring book...

This came out last year?

In the beginning the song is: no church in the wild - kanye west, middle: love is blindness - jack white

CANT FUCKING WAIT.

I think they captured the esennce of the 1920's perfectly in this trailer. Hopefully they kept it up for the whole film.

@adologin When did yoj

Love is blindness by jack white.

What's the title of the song ??

i just want to see tobey maguire put on a spiderman costume and web down every bad guy

I don't want to, I so don't want to, but I hate the direction they went with this. It's basically like making a dubstep version of Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits. 

Honestly, I love the story but I think that they modernised it to much. It looks like its taking place in modern day..... Kinda depressing really

Im not nearly as excited as I am when I get the chance to watch the classic.. If anything I think that Tobey Maguire is not the right man for Nick Carraway.. I think it should have been cast with Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Nick.. 


Of course i'm going to see the movie 'cause I loved the book and I love Leo, but I have to admit that I don't like how they recreated the 1920s ambient: it's so obvious that it's not real -.-

'So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past...' best line from a book ever. 


WOULD YOU LIKE SOME CHEESE WITH THAT WINE????

"parties were biGGER" he says it funny

thats a low blow pal, i doubt it. stop hating. leonardo is a fantastic actor. if its getting you bored then you must be tuning in. my suggestions..dont tune in.

Love Is Blindness by Jack White

i feel like you wont really understand the trailer if you havent read the book

What's the song at the end?

Jay-Z will be doing a lot of the soundtrack for it

yee... i heard that in the trailer too

and when did you see your english class the last time?

An oscar for Dicaprio this time?

I appreciate Leo so much more as an actor. He's extremely talented, and he's still that gorgeous Jack :]

I think its beautiful i just dont like Toby Mcguire in it..D: I barley finished reading this book, its outstanding yet i suppose if you have read it, it changes expectations in a movie..

Holy crap this movie is beautiful...

Perfect song choice.

I have come to the conclusion that this movie is a long metaphor for BATMAN:p

The movie will be using a modern score. 

I'm really excited, Im sure it will be really good even though the trailer was weak. What was up with the music choice??

I cant wait to see this movie :))

gatsby, what gatsby?

2:17 GREEN LIGHT!!! Amazing detail. I cannot wait to see this.

i bet the mayority of those dislike people don't even know this is base from a classic book.

Ryan gosling instead of 'Spiderman'? Haha Ryan is a shitty actor omg

Hopefully, Leo will finally win his well-deserved oscar for this role ;)

Watched the trailer and thought it looked interesting... Read the book, came back and watched the trailer...now I'm very excited!!

1922 10 years after the titanic sank Jack Dawson vanished and Jay Gatsby appeared from nowhere lol

Glad they gave Amitabh Bachchan (Indian Film Star) a good role as well :)

Man you get pretty damn far into the book with just his trailer. 

I was really excited about this film, but seeing the trailer.... this was not what I was expecting. I'll have to wait and see!

realy?

no church in the wild - jay z ft kanye west

holy shit this movie is going to be awesome...the great gatsby my favorite book<3

Yep, Ikr ! I love Amitabh :D 

Prohibition didn't really do much.

no church in the wild by Kanye :)

1:55 SinCity? Anyone?

Leo's a good actor, but he isn't right for Gatsby. Gatsby should have been played by an actor that's obscure. Now it just feels like Leonardo DiCaprio and not Jay Gatsby.

Leo still looks hot

0:17 FEZ!

0:20  you came for this

Amitabh Bachhan...

Play Feel Good Hit of the Summer along with this trailer, they go really well together

i keep re watching this trailer...  


God Daisy's such a bitch. 

An old story remade at a new era like this doesn't look right

Oh is that what it said?, Thanks im deaf.

i dont think toby is right for nick. 

They had my curiosity.
NOW they have my attention.

I serious cant fucking wait most looking forward 2013 even though I know the story

No Church in the Wild (it's Jay Z and someone else, I think)

Love is blindness by Jack White

New York, 1922. The tempo of the city had changed sharply. The buildings were higher, the parties were bigger. The morals looser, and the liquor cheaper. The restlessness approached hysteria.

Just finished the book.  Looking forward to this.  Not sure about all the decisions in direction and casting, but DiCaprio is a great choice for Gatsby.  

Why doesn't American Acadamy give an Oscar to Leo DiCaprio. It's a pretty shame because that man deserves it for Aviator, The Departed, Blood Diamond, J.Edgar! He is a man version of Meryl Streep without awards, beside that one Goden Globe!!! Come on people!!

what is the ceond song near the end of the trailer called?


Anybody know what the song is thats playing?

So glad im not the only one EXCITED about him being in it!

Yes because taking a year to add CGI, 3D, and editing makes me so very confident in the original product. I'll just have to wait till it releases to lackluster reviews to be proven correct. 

One of the greatest books I've ever read. Gatsby is a fine choice, they really shouldnt have chosen Toby Maguire for Nick though...

looks fuggin dope mah niggas!

Can't wait!!!!!!!!!!

OMG Amitabh Bachchan <3 

Great movie.watch at
icefilms.co.nr

OH MY GOD I'M SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE.

Blonde Angel (BA).


Gonna watch this for Amitabh Bachchan only!

Very well!

Love your comment

It 100% does when it is delayed for an extended period. I Like Leo, Carey Mulligan, Jason Clarke, Isla Fisher, and Joel Edgerton. This movie looks bad and the extended delay speaks more to that. I'm not hoping for it to suck, it just sadly will more than likely.

The smile that Leo gives at 1:08  I don't know whether that is fantastic acting or Leo smiling to his very good friend, Toby? It's strange...

no church in the wild


Who's wife did Leonardo Dicarpio sleep with that the Oscars think he is Invisible, I will never understand why he does not have a Oscar ..

the funny fact is that leonardo di caprio and tobey maguire are best friend. haha  cant wait to see them in this movie

What's with the hate? I read this book and thought it was incredible! The themes shouldn't be despised because it related do real life at the time! It reminds me a little of Dorian Gray because the aristocracy are so corrupt, which I [personally] think is important in a good old classic :) I hope that this film does the book justice, but I'm sure it will - Baz Luhrman did a wonderful job with Moulin Rouge and Romeo and Juliet :) (no offence intended, just my opinion)

The scorsese/vincent chase version looked better

Nick is alot younger then Gatsby though. Gatsby is naive and almost timeless whereas Nick is the character whom grows up in the story. 

Nicolas Cage as Jay Gatsby

Also you can use arbitrary as being an unreasonable tale, meaning I despised the book and it's themes, motifs, symbolism, social commentary...etc. 
Spoiled rich ppl, and how to be an idiot...the american classic! 

Arbitrary meaning; having unlimited power; uncontrolled or unrestricted by law

In this case society in the 1920's seems to have unlimited money as anyone could make it rich and big. Which is emphasized through Gatsby who obtained a massive fortune, unrestricted by law, or morality Which also leads him to pursue Daisy, even though she is already with Tom and has a child. In this way it is an arbitrary tale, where ultimately his unrestricted means leads to a disastrous end.

This looks so good.

Our eponymous Gatsby is himself a man of romance. His romantic motivation is the heart, the core truth, of his character. As the author wrote, "[he had] an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again."

Leonardo DiCaprio has always done amazingly in roles driven by romance.
If his career is not proof enough, then perhaps you aren't the best one for judging what this actor is capable of.


An 'arbitrary' tale?

That word... I do not think it means what you think it means.

You missed nothing, it's the most arbitrary tale of the 1920's society ever told. 

Soooo Joseph Gordon Levitt, not Tobey Macguire?

Vinny Chase already did this movie ! Entourage FTW :D

I'm falling in love with Leo all over again. He is just MAGNETIC. Can't wait to see this. <3

Leonardo dicaprio makes it soooo exciting

Still boring

folks relax you dont have to watch in in 3D


love is blindness- jack white

agree...no need to be in 3D

Love is Blindness - Jack White

First one is Kanye West- No Church In The Wild

What are the names of the different songs in this trailer?

Why the fuck does it have to be in 3d?

Can any one tell me what's the last song they play in this trailer?

No Church in the Wild

"The morals were looser"

*spread legs*

:D

song name in beginning? 

Reading this book in my high school Honors English class. It's pretty interesting so far. Hoping to go see this when it comes out 

that music runs less than 30 seconds...

To be honest and upfront, I just hate how Jordan Baker isn't tanned and Gatsby isn't wearing anything tacky. Jordan is supposed to be a masculine golf-champion whose more manly qualities attracted the queer(?) Nick Carraway, and Gatsby is supposed to wear tasteless clothing that shows his poor and uncultured upbringing.

LOL, as soon as i read the title i thought of the show entourage....

Read more on Fitzgerald and more on modernism in general. Art doesn't have to reflect reality, be natural or useful. It's hermetic. All you are supposed to do is take it in and enjoy.

i read this book in 2007. in my college days.
more then book i like movie.


Gatsby is the great role. whoever played he should be fantastic.

nah, I kinda think Joseph Gordon Levitt would make a good Nick. Gatsy has got to be sorta hench, I mean he was in the army and everything...

This version looks great with all the characters kinda looking like how imagined - I always sort of imagined Tom with strawberry blonde hair - but who cares, he's a dick. Yeah the movie looks great as it's quite a risk to remake such a classic novel but ugggh the way they made the trailer makes it look like it's some kind of dubstep metal shit they're trying to sell. The music - not appropriate. It's set in the 20s - I don't think they had autotune?

just a small pic. in this movie. bay be 1 mint.

The greatest actor in the World 1:03 Amitabh Bachchan !!! LEGEND

Thumbs up for Mr. Amitabh Bachchan! 

Really!!?? 

I feel like the music doesn't match the trailer well.

my class is going to read the book :)

SPOILER ALERT: GATSBY DIES!

why 3D

1) I am so excited for this movie, it's ridiculous. 2) Is that Sally Sparrow?

No, I'm talking about Leo. 

just finished the book in class, cant wait 

Also re-read the book and now watching the trailer, my prediction: this isn't gonna be great..

Can't see her as Daisy, great actress but I just can't..

Avatar was delayed? news to me

It's sad how often I watch this trailer just because I don't have the actual movie in my reach yet. 
=/ 
Favorite book of all time. Broke my heart when they pushed it back, but at least it wasn't a little more than a handful of months. Couldn't be more stoked! 

is Lady Gaga in the soundtrack?!?

Name a movie that was held back for an extended period of time that benefitted from it.

yes

No if a movie is done and then held back, or reshot then more than likely it's not very good. GI Joe 2 was slated for release this past summer and needed reshoots. That movie will suck. Gangster squad was in the can needed reshoots, bad. Red Dawn, Bad. Nice try though.

Love is blindness by jack white

Also if it was good it'd be out. Summer has no correlation with "wider audience" if it's good it's good, and people will seek it out. Were not talking about Transformers here.

just wait and see

love is blandness // jack white  "trailer song
"

Does anyone know the song at the end of the video? 

you mean leo then?

why would it suck just because they changed the release date? they changed it because they wanted a summer release date so can have a wider audience

Leo is LEGEND already. He deserves more than Oscar

no

Was supposed to come out in 2012 and didn't. This movie will suck

"New York 1922. The tempo,the city had changed sharply. The buildings were higher. The parties were bigger.The morals were looser and the liquor was cheaper. The restlessness approached hysteria."

;-)

Gatsby: Everything all right?
Nick: Yes :)
Gatsby: :)
Nick: Are you Gatsby?
Gatsby:.............fuck.

I'm so excited!!

no church in the wild - kanye west and jay z

its peter parker!!!

The name of music no church in wild jay z in the beginning if I'm right.

this trailer is so much better than they're screening for previews at the theaters now.....

music at the start of the video anyone? :)

Your talking about tobey maguire right? 

By the trailer, i am seeing a great performence by leonardo di Caprio


No-one understands my excitement for this film!!

His best movies is Danish movies, but I suppose you'd like to see more international movies with him:
The Three Musketeers, Casino Royale, Clash of the Titans, King Arthur, Valhalla Rising.
If you want to see his real potential you should watch his Danish movies, like: Pusher, Adams æbler, De grønne slagtere, En kort en lang.


The music choice for this is dreadful. 

Over rated

So that's what happens when you put Tobey Maguire and Leonardo DiCaprio in a film together, well, was bound to happen at some point :)

Leo is like one of best actors EVER.fucking ever.he's a movie legend.

I don't know why the fuck  the Oscars keep snubbing him,even tough he's been nominated 3 times,he deserves to have like 2 oscars to his name by now.

Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther.... And one fine morning-- So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past .....

I don't think it does need to be in 3D. 

I get a massive eargasm to this trailer

just the scenes and trailers gave me the fucking chills! my chills tells me i gotta see it! leo is without a doubt, top 3 best actors of all time. this man deserves the world for pleasing it. he's brilliant. a work of art. love him. the music in a trailer means everything. perfect song//

Why does this movie have to be in 3D?

I'm on board with you on this one. But to be honest, I was sure he would get Oscars for the Aviator and Bloody Diamond. Heck, I was sure he would win for the Road, the Departed and Shutter Island, but they didn't even nominate him for those. So I wouldn't put my money on the Gatsby. Of course, it's a highly anticipated film based on a beloved American novel. On the other hand, we don't know what Spielberg and Cameron might show this year that will take all the Oscars..

Oh right! I keep forgetting we're in 2013 already.

Should be an interesting compositiong.

You mean next year? This year Oscars didn't nominate him for Django.

Owl eyes is the best character !!!!!!!

LEO THIS IS YOUR YEAR. YOU WILL GET YOUR OSCAR.

Spoiler alert- Gatsby dies. I'm so tired of Hollywood cheesing off books! They're never as good as the book.

Press 2, 3, 2, 3 repeatedly for an epic staring contest between Toby Maguire and Leonardo DiCaprio

i don't give a shit whether or not he gets an oscar or not, he deserves my money when i go to his movies

If you want to know about the real Gatsby, look up George Remus.

I've read the book and I loved it. It's gonna be awesome to watch the movie of it !!!

I think so. There are also rumours stating that Jay-Z will compose the score.

Does anyone know about the soundtrack theyre using for this film? Is it going to be as modern as it appears in the trailers?

When this movie FINALLY comes out I will have waited for more than a year for it.

Brilliant.

- Love the spice in Toby's voice in the beginning. No doubt he'll be a great narrator. 
- Leo's great for this role. Sleek, handsome, mysterious. 
- Wasn't sure about Muligan. I found her an incredibly dull actress in The Driver, I was afraid she will make Daisy look childish, maybe even weak. But she seems to have amazing chemistry with DiCaprio, so I'll withhold my judgement.
- Music should be great for the film. I like what they do in the trailers, mixing the 20s with today's culture and all.

saw the trailer thought it was good, read the book and then watched the trailer thought it was amazing...and you just know, unlike some other book adaptation, it wont sick because it has leonardo...

sure thing bro. thnx for the tip..can you suggest some movie of him. cheers

Wny does "The Great Gatsby" have to be in 3D?  WHY

i never really got into the book (only reason i even know about it is because of my english teacher) but woah this looks way better

This trailer sucks... The #2 is wayyyy better

Probably.

Leonardo DiCaprio manages to be beautiful anyway> <

Why didnt they do Paul Rudd as Nick again, Toby sucks.

You should watch Mads mikkelsen(Danish Actor) Also one of few actors who can be anyone, play anything. He is such an underrated actor, he have so much potential, he have the face of everyone(the bad guy, the good guy, the innocent guy, the mysterious guy, the insane guy, everything!). 

NO ITS NOT!! ITS F@CKING KANYE & JAY-Z. GEEEEEZE

you good sir don't have a clue what you are talking about do you?

DAMM GOOD ITS LEEKED THE GREAT GATSBY  I love it and i like all the movie part
THIS FULL STREAMING MOVIE CAN BE SEEN FROM
bit.ly/VMFUoQ?=3DojH

Um, there's been at least 2 films of it already...

this movie screams STYLE OVER SUBSTANCE.If I had never read the book I woulsnt care less

I really love the 70's version of this movie, I hope this movie will be great as well!

SPIDERMAAAAAAAAN WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUUUU????!!!
jk.

He will always be Spiderman in my eyes, keep thinking the green goblin is going to fly by and start a fight! 

Wow, this was beautiful...

looks epic

When does this come out


No Church In The Wild :D

Does anybody know the first song in this trailer?

Can someone please give the man an oscar? 

The Ad Vertismant Is Better Than The Movie

thanks, man!

Is was there while it was filming. When you see the outside of Gatsby's 'mansion' that's where I was watching them film it, I was watching from higher up in that building though. It was really cool to see how they transformed the whole place and how many takes they did just to film one scene I can't wait to see what it looks like when it comes out (if it ever does).

It was supposed to come out in December but it is now been set to be released in late May due to filming

2:07 the famous Toby Maguire scream

did the movie even came out? i never saw the trailers on TV i have just seen the ones on you tube

DAMM GOOD ITS LEEKED THE GREAT GATSBY  Just Finish Watch This Movie Last Night Soo Good
SEEN THIS MOVIE STREAMING ON
bit.ly/VMFUoQ?=7Bkj9

no church in the wild btw!

It's a blow up zebra people!

@MarkDuran622

the two legends who can do justice to any given role...Leo and Tom Hanks:)

Why is there a zebra in the pool?

I love this trailer and I'm sure the movie will be awesome! 

im rooting for this to be the movie that Leo finally gets his god damn Oscar!

No Church in the Wild, is the name of the song.

0:17 zebra in pool


Theres a zebra in the pool...just saying.

love is blindness, covered by jack white. originally by u2

he was making 20 million a film 6-7 years ago, blood diamond, the departed, the aviator, catch me if you can... etc... In 2011, he made 77 million. I didn't mean 90 million per film, I meant per year. But making more than 20 million a film now.

what's the song at the end, around 1:45? anybody know?

Spoiler alert! He dies

Hahaha im reading this book for my ap Lang class!!!

We read the book in middle school. Thankfully, even the teacher got bored and decided to go with George Orwell's 1984 instead.

 F. Scott Fitzgerald is legend


OMG LEEKED THE GREAT GATSBY  I liked the movie! Was great for Holiday
WATCH NOW FULL STREAMING MOVIE ON
bit.ly/VMFUoQ?=j0h8p

its so dry the Camels says DAMN!!! anway i like you dude, a least i hope your are a dude... getting of topic please here is a late christmas gift 
check this: /watch?v=ror9v2LwHoY&list=HL1357752474&feature=mh_lolz

Gonna cry I bet.


The best adult dating site - -> bit.ly\4realsex

Here is the Living Legend AMITABH BACHHAN .


Best movie ever.see this at icefilms.co.nr

probably because I read it in high school and never again since. 

I really hope this movie never gets released. Not because I don't wanna see it, not because I don't think it'll be spectacular and not even so people will read the book. But because everyone wants to meet this Gatsby and if it never comes out, we're all guests at a real Gatsby party.

I'm really skeptical about this, just because of the songs chosen in the trailer... 

What book did you fucking read?!

There is a plot, you just have to be intelligent enough to find it. There's a lot of symbolism in the book, maybe that's what confused you. I don't mean for you to take offense to anything I'm saying by the way :P

IT WAS ALWAAAAAYS YOOOOUUUU FALLING FOR ME NOW THERES ALWAAAAYS TIMEEEEEEEE CALLING FOR ME

I'm the light, blinking at the end of the road, blink back to let me know.

is it just me or did there appear to be not real plot to that trailer?  Maybe because there is no plot in the book.  


Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild

How is it dry? Nice to here another person's opinion, though.

Wait was that amitabh bachan...?

I think I peed a little from excitement.

i want tobeys hair!! anyone know what the hairstyle is called??

I'm so excited for this :D

intense

no church in the wild

what is the name of the song that starts the trailer?

DAMMM AWESOME LEEKED THE GREAT GATSBY  INCREDIBLE Movie 

But Dude, Its was soooooo dry!!! I feel a sleep every time i saw the zzzzzzzzzzzzzz oh .. the cover. 

Much appreciated

Love is blindness - Jack White originally by U2 :)

Song?

I cannot wait for this movie...OMG...and I LOVED MOULIN ROUGE...SO...that just makes things better...

SPIDERMAN LOL

I did not actually. Thank you!

like if  u thought that u can watch the movie instead of reading the novel for the class assignment  then u discover that the film is not out ::P

@matt flynn it was Daisy not Myrtle...

For himself. He started out as just a small farm boy and realized that the only way to be with the woman he loved was to become rich. His failure to win myrtle over meant he was a failure at the American dream, a man, and in life. The death of the American dream was represented in the gatsbys death. I hate you and you have no taste in classic American literature. Go watch jersey shore and family guy and stop acting like you read

Gatsby was trying to win Daisy not Myrtle...

Everyone hating on the book... Fuck you. You obviously didn't read it the book very well. The point of the book was to show how these "perfect" rich people are just as fucked up as the lower class. The theme of the book is reality vs fantasy. Screw you. The point of the book is to prove the point that the American dream is dead. The only way Gatsby made his money was through illegal activities and even then that didn't make him happy. He wasn't able to win myrtle even with the name he's made

This looks like it's going to be the most interesting adaptation of Gatsby ever! I hope that will be the case :) such a talented cast and beautiful directing (as I can see from the trailer) So excited for this movie.

The one of the main points of the book is to show that they are rich slutty idiots.

I read the book and hated it, not sure if it was because it was so slow and anti-climatic or whether the fact that it's a book about rich assholes and their dramas. Granted, it's more clever and classy than The Kardashians, but it's the same idea. Idolising these rich people as legends when they're really drunk, slutty idiots.

spoiler alert its obvious

Hahaha.Your a jacka*s!

WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY YOU LIL FU*K?

the person below me is a bitch and the person above me is a fag

Lol my Brother Just Told me Was Gonna Read The book & I Read Him The Comment Below.

Most boring book ever. Spoiler alert. He dies (:

I can't wait until this comes out! 

Such a perfect choice for Gatsby, Leo seems like the luxurious yet mysterious type. Couldn't have selected a better actor for Gatsby.

Why does someone need to alert John Green? Did I miss something? But I liked your post anyway because DFBTA.

Some people prefer different media.  Hence the invention of movies. 

Love Amitabh Bachhan..........

Tobey McGuire's voice is so weak.

caprio is so fuckin rich because of titanic and titanic 3d


More like 20 million. thats the quota for a leading man, 90 mill is ridiculous. only actors get paid that kind of money when they take a chunk of box office results, which studios hardly go for. 

Austin will not be happy when he sees this.

he's getting paid about 90$million USD every film so he best be a damn good actor

oh the greatest huhn? quit pontificating.

OMFG THIS LOOKS AMAZING! ...read the book for school and I actually liked it can't wait till this comes out!

OMG AMITABH BACHHAN..:)

Looks totally over the top, a film about special effects and the story gets lost. Gatsby did not have dancers at his parties. Just guests dancing. I'm sure it will look very pretty but nothing to do with the novel. 

A great actor indeed! 

I bet the 20s looked exactly like that.  Minus the everything.  

Love the trailer though. 

What was the rant for?

ahhhh is that Amitabh Bachchan????????? I am gonna lose my mind!

i want this movie to include actually being in the 1920's

Looks Good!

first song


No Church In the Wild Kanye West ft Jay Z and some other people

Miscast all the way...

what song in begining?

Wait... When is it coming out?..... Liars

hope leo gets an Oscar this time...!!!

Since when jews are white?

Bollywood actors lacking acting skills is just a stereotype which is still applicable only to a small section.
Shame that great actors like amitabh have to suffer from it.

He must have worked hard on that smile at 1:08... Perfect

I JUST FUCKING LOVE LEO 
LOVE ALL HIS MOVIES
HE IS SUCH A GREAT ACTOR 


This movie looks like its going be incredible well put off. The cast just seems perfect and I feel this will be one a of a few truly great book adaptions. The Great Gatsby I have always thought would translate well to film and it just based on seeing this trailer it doesn't look like there missing any of the kep aspects of elements of the novel. I can't wait

wtf is this even about?

saying im excited for this is an understatement

i wonder if they will show the bit where Tom breaks 'his womans' nose. that would be funny

and imo it's a very poor cover, original by U2 is incomparably better

i cant wait. I saw the trailer for this when I went to see Les Miserables and I started freaking out. Leonardo is still hot <3

If you read the comments to a movie-trailer before you watch the movie, you're going to have a bad time. 

I don't know how good the movie is that I probably won't understand and fall asleep, but this trailer is a masterpiece!

Quick!!! Someone alert John Green!!!!!!

Amitabh bachhann...!!! Awesome....


This Movie's Only Flaw Is The Unbearable Soundtrack.

You've clearly never seen a film by Baz Luhrmann before, search a few of his films up and you'll begin to see his style, particularly Moulin Rouge, which bears some major similarities to this film's style.

Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

What's the beginning song?

learning they pushed back the release literally broke my heart 

FUCK 9GAG. IMGUR FOR LIFE

Well that's awesome, but trying to force your opinion on other people is a little crazy. Why not just let people make their own decisions?

"Love is Blindness" was done in 1991 by U2 first.

at the scene when you hear New York 1922. I thought of Assassin's Creed hologram of the city with lines and grids and shit


when doe this come out?!?!

"Love is Blindness" by Jack White

What is the name of the second song in this trailer?

I have social anxiety and when i feel an attack coming on, I can open the book to any page and start reading, and it instantly calms me down. I'm very excited for this movie to be coming out, it's my favorite!

Is it just me or does his voice at the beginning sounds like a southern robot? 

I'm not crazy, I just have an English degree.

it was pushed to may

read the book because the movie won't be like it 

Last I checked he wrote this song for his album with Kanye, not the movie

are you kidding ?? best soundtrack is Jay-Z & Kanye West performing No Church In The Wild ! 

Jack White- Love is blindness

They did inspire the movies but that doesn't mean you have to read every single book before seeing a movie adaptation of it. I've read it, and it is a great book. But you're a little crazy.

What's the name of the second song??

Omg his smile at 1.09 <3<3<3 I just adore this man <3 

Old Sport.

What's the name of the jay-Z song in this trailer? It actually goes with the trailer pretty well

who in their right mind watches the movie before reading the book? books are always better than the movies. they are what INSPIRED the movies. omg...

Gotta love that great Art Deco styling. :D

I was force ti read the damn book in 5th grade and i was like ... Da faq now it ... All makes scence now

By all means, read the book.

Man, I'm just about to read this in school. Should I see the movie first, or read the book first?

The song is love is blindness by jack white

boring...!!!

I live down the street from the actual Gatsby Lane. Trailer looks ill.


Sorry to hear that old sport.

Woooow, this looks a lot more dramatic than the book, but I love Tobey Maguire and Leonarda DiCaprio is a great actor, so I have high hopes for it. I wasn't a huge fan of the book either, so I'm not gonna go into a hissy fit if it doesn't fit it exactly either. ;)

hated the fucking book

The music goes perfectly with the movie, so I don't understand that objection. Greed, lust,  and the american dream perpetrate american society. That's the type of music I see 

whats the song??!?!

lol "WHAT WOULD STEVE CARRELL SAY?"

yeah you guys might like the music but it doesnt go with the story plot at all. idk.

That's so true ! 

Can't wait to watch this, old sport.

So, Di Caprio's taking on Redford. This should be interesting.
The trailer music completely wrong.

Can't wait

3 legend one film
AAAAwsome

in 2011 record book


isnt this the book tht was banned
?


The casting in this is so great, omfg I'm so excited! 

how long must we wait??! this is torture :D why on earth do they put those trailers here so early

It's coming out in May ;) 


I can understand where you're coming from but this director has an incredible skill of blending music from modern times into old settings and believe it or not they fit perfectly. See his other movies and you'll know what I mean. Even in Django Unchained a western there is rap in it and it is awesome to say the least.

GREAT MOVIE I SAW IT ONLINE AT:
?????? ?????
bit.ly/RtnhbB?=segsegs
bit.ly/RtnhbB?=segseseg

its will be out  2013, no release date yet, but it will, 

It comes out this summer(2013).
The premiere has been delayed due to technical difficulties..

FACEPALM can someone here can post this on 9gag?

no one? 

hola daniel


This never came out

This film is set in the 1920s, genius.

cause its 2013 u ignorant fuck

Wow what a couicedence

Leoo

i honestly dont think the film will be anywhere near as good as the book

Love is blindness by jack white I the song

I once saw this trailer in a cinema (before that the actual movie starts) and I gotta say I had the fucking chills of my life from when the second song kicked in to the end...
Definitely one of the best trailer of 2012

Dont suppose anyone knows the name of the song at the end? Love it, Love this film super excited!

i wouldn't fuck carey mulligan

leo + one of my fav books = best thing in the world

0:55
Leo's wet and confused again! Like all his other movies...
Looks awesome!

Take a look at this guys the entire Leaked MOVIE IN HD AT:
ENJOY 
bit.ly/RtnhbB?=segsegs
bit.ly/RtnhbB?=segseggse

I came here for the Asian hair product Gatsby...

Come at a very convenient time, studying this for english AS XD

But...what about Jay-Z? It's a movie/novel icon of the Jazz Age! 


this movie is like a dream and leonardo is the projection brought in

I saw this trailer some days ago, but it keeps coming back to my mind! I'm really looking forward to this movie :)


GOD DAMMIT. Leonardo DiCaprio is too hot.

All right, if you sincerely say you're sorry I can't fault you on that...

'Gatsby turned out all right it's what preyed on Gatsby what foul dust trailed in the wake of his dreams...'-F.Scott Boss Fitzgerald

O_o Piter PArker))

kanye and jay got massive exposure this year holyshit :|

Mine is "you're worth the whole damn bunch put together" 

She's not I am holding the book right now if you'd like a quote? The mistress is blonde, the daughter is blonde and Jordan is blonde. Daisy is a brunette. I was just giving an example that movies can go completely off of books and ruin the point, such as in my sisters keeper-the younger sister was only alive for the purpose of saving her sister then the sister died in the movie and she lived. Ruined moral. And I am sincerely hoping this movie is awesome don't get offensive. 

Gatspy turned out all right it's what preyed on Gatsby what foul dust.... favorite quote from the book.

I'm pretty sure Daisy was blonde...or at least it wasn't specifically stated one way or another. I'm pretty sure it was hinted at, plus pretty much every actress that ever played Daisy has been blonde...also, this isn't by the same people as My Sister's Keeper, so really, that's not a basis. They're plenty of movies based on books that have been done very close to the book...

Yes. Just like we are replacing many fucking white men in the job market and in many places in society.
Great job!

I got 99 problems but Daisy Buchanan ain't one

WOW after reading the book soooo many symbols are in the trailer hopefully they can really bring Gatsby to life in the movie

Does anyone know the song?

So true indian acting literally sucks. I used to watch them. 

you're an idiot and racist. nobody waste your time trying to convince this ignorant whiny bitch of anything with logic. 

p.s. there is plenty of "real music" out there in all genres of music, turn off your radio and look for it

Do you realize how insincere that sounds?

amitabh using his connections to get a role; seeing indian actors in hollywood expose their lack of talent and over-acting.  

Can't help but disagree. I think it's melodramatic when people say thing such as "people don't understand themselves". We spend most of our time thinking and weighing and analyzing..in our heads, if one doesn't understand himself, it's due to ignorance..understanding oneself isn't something as big as we've portrayed it to be. We're complex creatures but not so much so to fail to understand ourselves, not completely of course, but to an extent to realize if our image is being mirrored in a book. 

OMG it looks AMAZING. I just read the book (literally like two hours ago) and it's almost like how I imagined it in my head. 

Is this movie out yet ?

Click here to start an adventure

you are a very sad person macandcheese


Wow did you really say what said in 2013! Crazy...Let's put this way I bet Jay Z is closer in spirit to F. Scott then you'll ever be. F. Scott would think of you as a minor character representing the pathetic ignorance that saps the world of hope.

I'm sorry, but what's a 'nigger'?

That's just your opinion, your going up against the millions of people who are giving him millions of dollars.  He his doing the best a person can do, achieving mega success, and he has one of the best lives imaginable.  And by the way so is Obama, he's president. 

Jay Z?  Seriously, do you know how rich Jay Z is?  He's winning! bottom line, are you?

Omg I made a fucking mistake ok! Jeezus!

Comes out on Christmas, huh?
*spits on ground*

The most interesting thing about this trailer is the appearance Indian film legend Amitabh Bachchan, for the flick it looks like more polished junk that'll be packing used DVD shelving for pennies in a few years after most people realize seeing it once was enough.    

The fact that you think your argument is valid is hillarious to me! And for the record, I NEVER said that Jay-z's song fits in with the time period. and It's probably not even IN the movie so chill your tits. And I'm not defending Jay-z , I don't even like him. Here are the facts: I'm bringing in 2013 defending black people being called niggers and you're bringing in 2013 in pure ignorance and bitterness. In today's society, who would people root for more? It's sure as hell isn't you.

Trust me it happens with movies based on books, have you heard of the movie my sisters keeper? They killed the wrong sister. 
Plus they have already made a mistake so far in the movie because Daisy is the blonde instead of Jordan. The colour yellow in the book symbolises destruction of morals and because Jordan is the uprising modern woman she has yellow hair. Sorry I did an essay on symbolism at school. 

Ignorance and blindness is written all over your comment. And you would loose that bet big time you retarded fuck.

No, There are no 'niggers' running the white house, America, or anything else. Are their black people everywhere? yes. And No, no one cares that you mind; people like you are nobodies. bitter assholes who are stuck back in 1920's, who blame all their problems on people that aren't at fault.


fitzgerald doesn't mention the stock market crash, why? the book was written prior to it. The golden age was after the end of WWII until Oct. 29, 1929 where the stock market crashed. The events of the book occurred in 1922 however. 

Old Sport!

Shut the fuck up, you disgusting piece of shit. Listen here you vile biggot; There are no 'niggers' anymore. 
And that's coming from a white person. You don't like that concept? Kill yourself. I'm sure no one would mind.

he's just pointing out that the stock market crashed in 1929

anyone know the name of this song? 


The whole plot of the story is to prove that point, so unless they completely change every single critical plot point, I doubt that will happen...

I thought Vincent Chase was suppose to in this

My mistake, jeez and I got a lot of shit about it too... Damn...

Wow, you are quite the pessimist. You know what, I read that book as a freshman without any enforcement and I enjoyed it. It has a lyric prose to it and tells of how degenerate people can be.

THX for the summary, btw we we were forced to read that piss of shit of a book in class. I will never get those 2h of my life back... ever!

If you read the book, you'd understand. He met Daisy before he became rich, and they did love eachother, but she married Tom for his money. That was what incited Gatsby to be wealthy, and besides, he doesn't successfully steal Daisy.

Lol. Not in Blood Diamond, though. Haha. 

haha true but why would there be a pinata in the pool!?

oh haha gotcha


I don`t like the girl playing Jordan Baker, not sure why.

I fell so in love with the book after I read it that I only hope this movie can live up to it and seeing from this trailer, I'm already pumped

I am hoping this is an awesome movie but I strongly recommend people to read the book because no doubt this won't have the same affect. It will probably glorify the 20s instead of showing them as a waste and lie like the book does. 

Love is Blindness by Jack White. It's a cover of a U2 song

another movies in which he dies smh

@humpaloompa assuming that wife includes fiancee/betrothed/promised whatever, the great gatsby, titanic, romeo and juliet

.....? name at least two movies where he steal's some guy's wife.

I squealed when this trailer came on before I saw Les Mis the other day.
I kept slapping my mom the whole time.
I am so freaking excited for this.

OMG Tobey Maguire, atleast he's doing a film with his childhood friend Leonardo Di'caprio.

What is the name of the second song?? Someone please help

He doesn't "Steal her" if you've read the book, She was his first love...But he was shipped to England because of the war. So they couldn't be together. He's just in love with her. The whole story is based on Him throwing parties hoping to run into her, But He meets Toby Maguire and he's related to Daisy

Because it's a classic.

Because he's Leonardo DiFuckingCaprio that's why.

@Amber Van Den Heuvel

Django Unchained...

The cast put me in mind of what would happen if Spiderman had been part of the Inception team. Cool stunts, fer sure~

the beach

lol! so true

You got your eras mixed up. This is the Jazz Age, the Roaring 20s before the Great Depression.

And then people who were rich were still rich!

That's it, thanks. Nice song ;)

We just had to read this book for English and I'm so glad I did because this looks amazing <3

maybe because u never watch inception, aviator, gangs of new york, shutter island, basketball diaris...

1929 was the date of the crash.

Gossip Girls of the 1920's

Spiderman!

1922! You know! When the stock market crashed, and everyone lost their money! Such a golden age!

Name one movie where he steals another guys wife other than this one and titanic. 

I hate Daisy!

I don't even know how many times I've watched this...I just know it's a lot. I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS!!! 

What's the 2nd song?

looks like an awesome movie!

no church in the wild  kanye west jay Z

gatel sekitar bijy GATSBY

Oh no! After all the Doctor's trouble, Sally still got captured by the Weeping Angels!!! She's in the twenties now.. :( OHMYGOSH, WHAT IF JAKE IS REALLY GATSBY AND THEY BOTH GOT ZAPPED BACK IN TIME? THAT'S WHY HE'S SO SURPRISED TO SEE HER. HEAD CANON ACCEPTED.

Amitabh Bachchan is here

What's with the autotune bullshit?

last I checked the story took place in the 20s dumbass

First song?

he was a good actor anyway. When he was young, he did "what's eating gilbert grape". Romeo and juliet. The beach etc. Hes always been the top. 

This looks awful.... Does absolutely no justice to the class and integrity of Fitzgerald's writing..


It looks more like a pinata zebra.  Its definitely fake.  Look at the motion it makes in the pool.

its definitely fake

Really. All the symbols showed in our faces in just in the trailers. Subtle, Hollywood, subtle as hell. The music is perfect though. And both Toby and Leo are amazing, even if my Gatsby looked a was a little less... aged. 

0:36 That cheery sound effect...

go eat a cock.


Stop writing off the use of Kanye West in the trailer of a book set in the 1920's - Kanye is one of the best writers out now, take a minute to listen to No Church iIn The Wild and you will realise that not only the jazzy beat but the message the song portrays both fit the themes of the movie perfectly.

Epic

Not in this

How is Lana Del Rey not in ghist

Loved to book. So excited for the billboard eyes and the yellow car!

Cannot even wait

The book was awesome! Great American literature. Let's hope this movie Is just as great as the book!

the music. GOD.


Excited

Toby doesn't look like how I imagined nick but I do think that his acting fits the part very well and as for Leonardo I think he is perfect for Gatsby he is a great actor and not bad on the eyes :) the only thing that troubles me is Daisy... I think that Carey looks that part a little but I don't think that her acting will succeed in how Daisy should be portrayed

The book was fantastic, the 1974 version was almost flawless. For me, this will have trouble living up to the original(s)

yeah, I totally agree. but if you're gonna pick someone from this period, Jack White is the perfect representation of old school.

I am so damn excited about this film

Anyone who has read the book shouldn't be shocked by the ending.

Spoiler alert.

that's what's so unique and original about Baz Luhrman's films: they may be set in the past, but the music is modern and it's all very stylised.

Gilbert Grape? Basketball Diaries? He's always been a great actor. 

Wow Amitabh Bachchan <3 :)

I hope your mother dies, and you get rapped by 5 massive guys!

SPOILER: Gatsby Dies... 

No church in the wild


She was referring to that guy Gatsby and Nick ran into when they were meeting to have a chat, I think he was a business man, and she was saying that there was no mention of him definitely being white or not. You would expect that he was white be we don't know that definitely like the girl said, which is fine because I myself didn't imagine him as a white person.

When I read the book I imagined them all a lot more good looking, especially Tom, why does Tom look so old? Why?

what's the song in the beggining? <3 pleaseee

Amitab Bachan AKA Big B at 0:30 :)

I like the other trailer better

I think it's perfect

I feel like the modern soundtrack does a better job of conveying the zeitgeist to a modern audience than an orchestral or 1920's jazz soundtrack could.

Of course there's nothing wrong with a little jazz....  It just doesn't sound new and exciting to the modern listener. To these characters, 1923 is as novel and uncertain as 2013 is to us.  Modern music is a tidy way of conveying that feeling.

I fell like the modern sound track does a BETTER job of conveying the zeitgeist to a modern audience than an orchestral or a 1920's-style soundtrack could. 

Whhheeennn is the damn movie coming out! I need to see it !

I'm not sure what the comment you were replying to said (it was removed), but if you don't think that all of the main characters in the Great Gatsby were written to be white, you are extremely ignorant.  This was written in the 1920's.  And the one scene where Fitzgerald talks about black people riding a car across the bridge is extremely racist.  So... just because you're color blind in 2012 doesn't mean you should be ignorant to how people used to think.  Knowledge is power.

nope i see it too! lol


I love this book~ <3

Daisy picks her husband Tom because it is easy, not because she loves him more. As my English teacher put so brilliantly, "She is what her name is- pretty, simple, and easily shifted by the slightest of breezes."

The book is amazing, but if you want to know everything, check out wikipedia or sparknotes.

thanks 

seeking solitude you shut your mouth

This movie is going to be crap. -_-

Your open-mindedness is what's right with the world, and I congratulate you, sir.

okay please tell me im not the only one seeing the random zebra just swimming around in the pool at 0:17 haha!!!


I thought the same thing when I saw the trailer in theaters! I hope it isn't the same for the movie

I AM SO ANGRY THIS GOT PUSHED BACK TO SUMMER. I WANT TO SEE THIS SO FREAKING BAD.

Leo DiCaprio? Yo! Where's my boy vinnie chase?!

Jack White!

I kinda don't want to like DiCaprio, but he's really become a great actor

the first song please

I just love the book and I hope this movie will be great!!


thanks for ruining the whole film you twat

... and yes, Leo dies in this one as well. Sorry folks. 

Remember that you're looking at a film by Baz Lurhman; he uses music as he pleases and it usually turns out awesome.  Think Moulin Rouge - modern music, period film, completely awesome.  I'm really looking forward to this.


OMG i really most see this movie .


I hope that this doesn't go "modern". 

It's not, really... 

im confused!

Leaving aside the philosophical questions involving the ''taking away" of existence, I'm glad you agree with me.

Great Gatsby reference! *classic*

I don't like Carey Mulligan! She ruins all the movie!!!


I kinda hope Robert Redford gives his opinion on Leo's interpretation of the Gatsby character. 

You had my curiosity, old sport. But now you have my attention... Sorry I just saw Django.. So good.

Thank you. And to you too.

Brad Pitt would have been the perfect gatsby..

Man, Nick is never how I picture him :/ Awww well lol Gatsby is one of my all time favorite books, loved the first one, damn right I'll love this one 
Til May "old sport" ;) I'll see you this spring

This hasn't came out yet. Wtf?

This looks like it would be wonderful, if it weren't for the use of modern music in a 1920's period piece. There better be at least some jazz in this movie.

Wanna see thissss

The creator of this trailer alone is an artist himself!! There are already SOOO many hidden wonderful things in 2:27 video.. imagine the movie!!! I cant wait!

first song?

Welcome back to beautiful...

it fine; merry christmas :)

Is that a zebra in the pool at 0:18? 

You're right I s'pose. I'm not American so maybe that's why it doesn't have that sort of an effect on me. 

Can this come out already?

The first one is No Church in the Wild by Kanye and Jay-Z. The second one is Love Is Blindness by Jack White. Both songs are incredibly sick. :)

No Church in the Wild (Kanye West & Jay Z ft. Frank Ocean)

what's the name of the song ???

man when i saw toby mucquire i thought it was going to be lame movie

Blame it on Hoover


That's a completely irrelevant comparison. Martin Luther King's race provides an important platform in telling his story and history. Meyer Wolfsheim's physical appearance (ie. skin colour) is much less central in the story.

Defiantly gone watch this movie.

Pictured Wolfshiem totally different, he was a Jew, not an Indian O.o

F Scott Fitzgerald was clear on Meyer's description that his characteristics and appearance were not that of a white man. Nothing in the novel hints at Meyer being white so I'm not sure where your getting the "he's white" thing from.

Actually The African genes are the strongest genes. Black is a dominant trait. When two blacks have a baby, the baby can be void of pigment (albino) like a white person but two white ppl can't make a black baby because pigment is a dominate trait. Plus if blacks stay in the sun, they get vitamin D. If whites stay in the sun they get skin cancer and burn and peel like a snake. 

Actually Meyer Wolfsheim was Jewish.

fucking bastard!! mother fucker stop talking abt my country ur nt even worth of eatin our shit so u btr fuck off,,
shit eaters n ur shity country is more dirtier than mine 
fuckin racist 
its nt abt movie compete with us in maths n science den talk abt my country dn v'll see vthr brown or white is greater

Leonardo is so fucking hotttttttttttttttttttttt

He is a great actor and deserves the role. 
You can take your racist BS somewhere else.

oh, cool. thanks.

I can't believe they gave Carrie Mulligan the role of Daisy. Shouldve been January Jones or someone

approve it!
but the song in trailer suck..

WTF that old bollywood guy doing there?

The book is wrapped so tightly into less than 200 pages that captures the carelessness of the 20s and how it killed the American Dream. Most of the novel provides a narrative that parallels the climate of the 20s told by a character who tries not to judge people, but in the ending explains how awful most of the characters are. His view of the characters is analogous to the author's view of the decade and it's really neat how he ties those two together. It's a pretty big deal

thumbs up for Amitabh Bachchan as Meyer Wolfshiem

well if u take it so seriously, ruining or destroying something actually means that you take away its existence. changing is just deforming something's existence into another state of existence.


Basically a dude, Gatsby, falls in love with this bitch, Daisy. He was poor then he got rich and he threw these big parties hoping to run into her. The bitch led him on and because of her Gatsby died

I can't take Tobey Maguire serious... I look at him and i see spider-man. Lol.. but he's actually in some pretty good movies. Check out "The Details" if you like him then you'll really like this movie. Lots of good twists. :)


awkward moment when the moment's not even awkward

Go read the book...it's quite interesting. 

The cast is definitely fitting for the characters.


Its a microcosm for life in the 1920's. Very important time in America; prohibition, women's voting rights, Harlem Renaissance, the urban sprawl; the book perfectly encompasses those ideas   

Read the book and thought it was really good..dunno why it's one of the best literature pieces though..

I liked it better when Vince Chase did it!

thank you :) 

same i finished high school this year September and we did American literature (I'm English) so it was this and Robert frost poetry. which was awful and depressing just wish movie  had come out whilst i was in school so we could have gone to see it as part of a school trip.

hollywood did it again. 

For all you guys reading great Gatsby now, and thinking you can easy your way out of it because you  could watch the movie. You are losing so much. The book is more detailed. The movie hasn't come out yet but I know its better to read the book than to watch the movie. Can't wait till the movie comes out.

I already love the soundtrack.

What is the film actually about. Confused. lol :)

Jay-Z & Kanye West Ft. Frank Ocean - No Church In The Wild

Not the actress, the character's a bitch


anybody know the name of the first song?

wtf at least give it try. I know remakes are ass but once in a blue moon they can be good :)

GREAT! watching a greaty gatsby advert to watch this great gatsby trailer. i didn't even have to skip the ad. XD

Looks really awful.


why?

The Great Gatsby die - End of story. 

The first time I saw this trailer said for Christmas is when it's released...but now, people keeps saying not til may 2013...WTF?!?! why did this change? D:

Sooo when is this movie really coming out? 

wow leo dicaprio getting mad in a movie? and toby maguire looking like a total spaz.....take out the great and actually take out the gatsby as well. just call it something else, this film looks like shit.

And as the last movie, Tom is ugly. 
Cant wait though <3 

this is prequal to spiderman?

Praying they don't put music in this film that doesn't belong, I've been waiting on this film too long for it to come out with a horrible selection for music, like in this trailer. 

How is ruination not a form of change? "To ruin" something is to destroy it, i.e., alter its state, i.e., change it.

Im currently reading it in High School! :D

Its a good book but lots of my students think its just a boring book of nothing.

Toby is such an beast actor ;)

when is this movie coming out?!! ><

it was implied tho


The awkward moment when you've read the book or you've already seen the 1974 version of The Great Gatsby and you know how it ends :(

that bed scene wasnt in the book...

old sport :)

first safehouse, and now Great Gatsby. Good Job Frank Ocean.

blow me


peter parker! what are you doing there?

i like the modern twist of the art deco style. 

Boy, the autotune and the indie rock really put me in the proper mindset for the definitive work of the Jazz Age.

He certainly does. I was so-so with Moulin Rouge when I first saw it, but I haven't seen it in a long time, so my opinion may be changed. Luhrmann's style is a perfect match for this movie, but I want to see how he'll handle the more serious scenes, like with Wilson when he talks about...well, I don't want to spoil it.

All in all, I think Luhrmann can handle this movie, especially the party scenes. I just hope he's just as good with over-the-top scenes as he is with serious scenes.

no church in the wild 

what about Britney spears

No Church in the Wild and Love is Blindness 


I agree. Finally someone else gets it!  What do you think of the Moulin Rougesque qualities from the same director  Baz Luhrmann? I think he makes the stories bigger than life! 

Perfect.

what`s the track name?

For Mumbaikar's only ww w.onlinevyapaar.weebly.c om

Another novel that is ruined, yay

yes i think so too..


Oh without a doubt.

I'm really looking forward to this movie. The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite novels; that capturing of disillusionment in love and over embellished American lifestyle is so enchanting. 

No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye then Love is Blindness by Jack White 

We know the story. It looks so much bigger than the other Great Gatsby Movies!  I love the choice of Leo as Gatsby and Tobey as Nick but I agree that Joseph Gordon Levitt would have been an excellent choice! I wonder if they had him in mind.

I'm just saying that, from this trailer alone, it looks like it will be an average adaption of the book. I'm really not sold on Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway. I truly hope I am wrong though.

Am I the only one who thinks that the eyes of T J Eckleburg should be yellow?

It seems Mr Bachchan just made a special appearance, this movie isn't my type.

The music is actually pretty spot on for the themes of the story.

Thank You

This is gonna be so good it's not even funny

no church in the wild


Go back to your Avengers

Anyone know the song in the opening of the trailer first 30 seconds?

WTF IS THISSS..............
I LOVE IT :)

Initially I disliked the book, but when I contemplated the themes a little deeper, I began to like it a bit more. It's not my favourite book, and I do think the plot is a bit too slow, but I've come to enjoy this book quite a bit. I've always wondered how they would film this story. DiCaprio is definitely a good choice for Gatsby, although I'm a little confused as to why Maguire was cast as Carraway. But I won't judge yet; the trailer looks pretty good, so I'll definitely see the film.

JOSEPH GORDON LEVITT

Amitabh Bachan from Bombay TV!!

It's hilarious how you could call the acting of Leonardo DiCaprio or Tobey Maguire terrible..actually laughable that you've made such a stupid comment.

not at all. Many of Baz Luhrmann's films contain contempary music to add new life and energy, it always works fabulously for example Romeo+Juliet and The Moulin Rouge

@AJ678910 the song is love is blindness by jack white (cover of a U2 song)

what is this music?

i didnt write 'change', i wrote ruin...

Loved the book, like the movie....hopefully the remake is good too.  Just have to wait and see.

Yeah, the rest of the music sounded OK to me. But the beginning of the clip with modern music and the attempt to make it look as if we are essentially having the same kind of fun as people, is kind of a turn off. But it's a clip, when I see the movie maybe music is more subconsciously processed and I somehow like it over the dialogue and the shots. Anyways, I have high hopes for this one!

i hate daisy..

lol...you are funny. :) 


I'm looking forward to this, I just hope they stay true (enough) to the book!!!

@00:59 that certainly explained why this whole trailer felt like Moulin Rouge.  

no it was inspired and brilliant.perfect.I think what hes going fro from the opening dialogues is a hardcore,fast paced,restless lifestyle with parties and booze.It makes perfect sense to convey that energy and restlessness with "music from the future" i.e. our music.

before you condescend and diss others juts think about what youve said."A book will always carry depth,whereas a  movie is primarily for enterntainment" ? Only a moron with no love for either books or movies would say that. What did you mean that movies are shallow or that did you mean that anything deep cant be fun? either way you are wrong

Books cannot ruin movies. 

I was thinking exactly the same. Very strange..

That was a weird choice of music, do you think?

"Their", maybe you should read a little more. I believe books and movies are mutually exclusive to each other. It's like comparing apples and oranges, get over it people. They are both meant for enjoyment, whereas a book will always carry depth and a two hour movie visually explores a story primarily for entertainment.

wth?? The three main actors are amazing. And the book is nothing but boring. But everyone is entitled to there opinions. And this movie will do the book more than justice since to me both the previous movie and book were very boring.

They're acting is terrible..and this looks boring. The book is so much more entertaining

This looks terribly boring.

Love is Blindness by Jack White

I can't wait to see this!! Anyone know the name of that song?

I call this Spider-Man Inception.

Looks like a hit already..They chose the perfect cast for this one..I am even playing a pc game these days based on this book and it is a lot of fun :)

More inappropriate useage of "No Church in the Wild"

And I don't mean the song or the movie is inappropriate. I mean, seriously, have you seen the countless car ads that use this song? The music and the ad never makes any fucking sense

Love is Blindness - Jack White (originally by U2)

an oscar for leo, judges?
he should've got one long time ago anyway.....

I agree, but i hope they dont ruin the movie it could have been

not really, mostly because its based on a book from 1924

this is the coolest trailer I've ever seen.

hahahahaha no

Actually, yes, they can.


yes they can

the release date is soooo late (May 2012). i can'ttttt wait to see LEO, TOBAY and the most famous actor AMITHAB BACHAN togather.

I feel like Joseph Gordon Levitt should be in this movie...

Twilight is not a good example of anything other than a bad book (or movie). Regardless, a film cannot change a book. Reality doesn't work that way.

Kim Kardashian? she's got as much talent as my big toe


Yeah, they were cool back in high school too, so . . .

1:03 Amitabh Bachchan 

I think I liked this one better when it was called The Aviator.

The song is Jay-z No church in he wild...They could have picked a better leading looking leading lady such as Charlize Theron,Sandra Bullock or even Kim Kardashian with a hair cut.


Why do I have to watch an advertisement before I watch an advertisement??

What's the title of the song in the beginning until like 0:34?

Leo's face is PERFECT when he meets Daisy again.

all these books that were so boring to read in high school all of the sudden become so cool when made movies lol

What is the song? 

@Darko1393 I strongly disagree. Gatsby only buys the shirts and building etc. in order to impress daisy who he knows likes material goods. Gatsby held out for Daisy because he thought that she was in love with him as he was with her. Gatsb was a romantic and the only way he would get tired of Daisy is because of her obsession with money.

Wooooohooo

You're funny.

oh yes they can :( best example twilight?


Thanks for the compliment.


1:55
The eyes of Doctor TJ Eckleburg

not really, if you've studied the book Gatsby is just as vulnerable and fake as the rest of them. It frequently assumed that had he got Daisy he would have eventually grown tired of her as well
If Gatsby really judged people for who they were he wouldnt spend his life chasing Daisy

We're is the Jazz music wasn't it the 20's!?

Looks shit. The whole point was that Gatsby was the only one who judged people for who they were rather than what they had. But in this he just looks like a desperate little prick who is showing off.

looks like someone slept through high school lit.

all the literature kids are going cray.

The Great Gatsby is 80 years older than Boardwalk Empire

ajdhgfadigfakvcadbvkadbvdad OH MY GOD I CANNOT WAIT FOR THIS MOVIE *faints*

Guys! 
Watch the second trailer that was released yesterday and i promise all your doubts about this film being great will disappear ! :D

They could never do the book justice

Lmao Leonardo Da Vinci!! You sir are a special kind of stupid

Haha, figures a fan of trash like Delicatessen and Limbo would dislike Baz Motherfucking Luhrman. 

i`m afraid this will be a cheap movie.

holy fuck Toby Maguire must be old as fuck then... -_-

I had to grab a tumbler and pull a Fitzgerald after seeing this trailer.  

Movies cannot ruin books.

XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

dumbass, or troll

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Not sure what to think about this :( let's hope the movie won't ruin the book :/

the music is bad ... I suggest them to everly brothers Let it be me

WOW. You win for America's Biggest Idiot. Hahaha

I really don't like the look of this. It looks way too... Luhrmann.

Where's Vinnie Chase?

IS THAT SALLY SPARROW??

Thats exactly the reason i came to see this trailer O.O!!

It's a Russian Mail-Order Bride. What do you expect?

Anything with Leo DiCaprio in it i'll go see anyday.

No Church in the Wild by Kayne West is the song in the begging 

You're a stupid uneducated fuck

Ahhhhhhhhh please come sooner

We don't read this till Senior year but I'm forcing my mother to buy it for me on my birthday.

Agreed.

The tone of this is a complete and utter misfire. If Fitzgerald were still alive, he'd probably pull a Hemingway and off himself. Terrible.

My junior class is going to see this:)

The music choice in this trailer was interesting. It kind of connects the old and new eras.

Spoiler Alert - Spiderman saves Gatsby. 

No church in the wild- kanye and jay-z


Somebody please say what the song at the beginning is? Oh and what's the green light? I remember it was important

whats the song at the very beginning called!?


The original movie did it justice. Big timeee.

The book and the original movie were great!

This looks good - one of my favourite actors in a film based on my favourite F. Scott Fitzgerald novel.

Stupid, stupid, stupid...

I would have loved to see this THIS year, and Les Mis NEXT year.

I hated that book, so, so much, and I hated the original movie more. But seeing this trailer makes me wonder whether I should try it again.

The Great Gatsby is actually a timeless classic novel from quite a while ago... look it up before calling it a knock off...

What's the song from the beginning?

HOLY SHIT TOBEY KNEW DA VINCI??

thumps-up bots. yes they exist

The book was amazing. the movie doesn't look like its going to do it justice. 

Can someone please explain to me as to why these scheming free iPad comments that reply to a fake person get so many thumbs-up? =_=

It's looks like a knock-off Boardwalk Empire...

Compared to the beautiful book, this movie looks shitting terrible. The poster looks more like the one from the Clockwork Orange and the trailer makes it look like the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Poor Scott Fitzgerald must be rolling over in his grave. 

I see Leonardo Di Caprio more as Tom Buchanen

God I loved this book. I can't wait to see the movie.

They're all doomed :(

iPad 4... Seems legit

love is blindness - jack white. 

This looks pretty damn cool.

"I'm Tobey Maguire!"

NO! NO! NO! You're Peter Parker!!!

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Leonardo Da Vinci.... You just killed me... Hahaha...

HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH OMG

This is funny because I have actually read the book. They still sounded pretty awesome in the book so I don't get what you mean.

Like the original, but I hope this movie isn't so diffrent from the book , lol well it probly isn't going to be similar.

THIS SUCKS DICK! LOL! 

HOW ABOUT A FUCKING RAZZY? LMFAO! 

what's the second song they play in the trailer?


This video is a freakin liar

WHEN IS LEO GETTING A FUCKING OSCAR?!?!?!

I dont get why people are complaining about the modern music, its baz luhrmans modern twist like romeo and juliet

It comes out in May, not Christmas like the trailer says. Just a heads up. 

The official website says its coming out in spring now :(

what makes you say that? this is an adaptation of a great piece of literature, even if it turns out to be crap fans of the book will still go see it.

It's not Nick loading the gun, it's George Wilson

This looks like an impeccable movie. I hope it reaches the heights of Luhrmann's 'Moulin Rouge' . It looks like it will! 

absolutely atrocious 

I'm obsessed with the book and I'm AMPED for the movie

i just watched the original great gatsby, this trailer blows it away cant wait.


every english class should go on a field trip

need to read the book first, heard is was Thompson's favorite

that yellow rolls royce nuff said

u mean Di Caprio

Christmas my ass!

I've been waiting so long for this film. 

Futeristic? How does it look Futeristic? Apart form the music it seems very 20's to me. 

Tobey Maguire, AKA spiderman from the original movie.

Who is playing Nick?

The book was great and I think movie will be great as well. But the trailer looks sooooo different from the book

i cant wait for this movie



This movie coming out real soon! I'm so seeing this!

I don't know... I think the only ones that seem pretty good to me are Owl Eyes and Myrtle.... And like I said, Leo would make a decent Gatsby. But I mean, it's just my opinion and how I imagined things while reading.

Can't wait for this movie to come out already :/

Why do they make the 20s look futureistic?

@Joshua Klynsoon That was frank ocean you heard. He does not use auto tune, just a really good singer. Please don't assume that everyone who knows how to sing is using auto just because rappers who don't sing use it.

There was definitely no auto-tune in the 1920's.

I loathe autotune.

gonna be sooooooo good film!

Peter Parker high as f***, thinking he's a normal person and shit

Peter Parker high as f***, thinking that he's in the 20's and shit

well the part they used was frank ocean and it included no auto-tune, the song is fitting to what is going on in the trailer e.g. what is being described.

jack white <3

This is from the same person that did Romeo + Juliet and that was all modern with the Shakespearean dialog. It explains a lot after you know who made the movie.  

New York, 1922. Kanye West music. I'm sorry, something about that doesn't add up. I don't think they had auto-tune back then. Completely ruins any sort of authenticity this movie was going for.

it says christmas in the trailer, but i just found out it comes out on may 10, i was so excited:/

coming out in december they said but now it is coming out in may they say! 

i looooooove leo!

Oh whilickers! A bit of dandy fop are we? Were your knickers so scrunched your smart girl glasses fogged up? it's not my fault all Australians are descended from criminals and retards. Now please enjoy and other piece of pie, Fatty of the house of Boombalatty.

well that must be a rather jaded view of 12 year old girls, or is it lack of experience perhaps, a bit of a loner in school were we? Your comment was a bit curt, I didn't want to get your knickers all scrunched up there darling heart. I just couldn't think of a more diplomatic way to say that you're an idiot and your opinions are worth less than a single nugget of shit.  

I've seen the original with Robert Redford.  Can't wait to see this one.

LOL - is that what the nice doctor said to you before they took your daddy away? Baz didn't touch me, he punched me in the fucking brain with that incredibly stupid ROMEO *#)#8 Juliette that my girlfriend forced me to watch. The fag makes stupid movies for fags and girls. It's like a gayer, shittier version of Glee. He should leave the classics alone and stick to his own inane sophomoric swill.

No. I'm not. But you are a dumb 12 year old girl who hasn't read the book and if you had, I bet it took you over a month and you didn't really understand it. Now go watch Rock of Ages you stupid, vapid, fucking twit.

Show us on the teddy bear where Baz touched you :/

wow 1:03 Amitabh Bachan nice to see him

you're an idiot

As an Australian. Holly shit this looks good. I can't believe the cast. Go Baz!

If you didn't watch the book, watch the CrashCourse on it; by John Green.

Too bad it doesn't come out until may :/

This looks so fucking terrible. Baz Luhrman is a terrible director. He's a one trick pony and it;s a shitty hack trick, a period piece with a bunch of excessive crap, and terrible, inappropriate and anachronistic modern music. He should only direct music videos, no one watches those anymore. Hey Baz, leave he classics alone, Fitzgerald deserves better than this. You piece of shit. You're not Jeunet et Caro, stop trying, it's fucking sad.

the book was intriguing but now I was to do a friggin essay on this -___-

daisy is a fucking bitch

it says christmas. do that mean this year? 

hearing Jack White in this made my day

Hey star wars se wasn't THAT bad but yeah that CGI could be made by my dog. 

2:13 that's the pool.. :'(

The first time I saw this trailer it didn't look that good like the backgrounds looked too fake and I wasn't sure it would translate well to film, but Damn that looked pretty awesome the second time around.

So stupid that they pushed back the release date... what the hell

Leo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire!!!Leo is my all time favourite!!! It is impossible to enumerate the great roles he has played over the years!! Hope he gets an Oscar soon!!!

im just hoping its as good as the book


Super excited- and though I disliked him, I wish we had seen more of Daisy and Tom in the trailer! It almost seems like a one-on-one romance from the clips.

DAT ART. I literally cannot wait for this to come out

sooooooooooo pumped for this 

omg cant wait!!!!!

1:50 
WHAT THE FUCK WORST CGI SINCE STAR WARS SPECIAL EDITION.

nice book

Roaring Twenties!!!

the guy from the old spider man been in any new movies lately Apart from this one?

Rachel McAdams should of been Daisy

we'll just have to see :)

This makes Project X look like a prissy bitch.

Same here! I'd have to reread it to see if it ever says anything about their hair color in the book...Usually it was more focused on Jordan's eyes and Daisy's voice...

How? That's how they were described in the book, albeit in less colloquial terms and without the cursing...

If you are white...lol


@smartboyfreee it's Downloaded off a Mac prolly...

Jack White's song fits PERFECTLY for this trailer. Love it :)

I agree! The actors and actresses in the movie really seem to fit the description of the characters in the book. Except Jordan. Wasn't she supposed to be tall and athletic? But maybe it's just hard to tell from the trailer. 

why da hell i see apples logo on the right?

who cares if he hasn't read the book. it's nice to have people showing an interest in general. maybe now he'll read it. haha

it's weird. i always pictured jordan with blond hair and daisy with black hair. i'm not sure if this is founded in anything or whether i've just made this up in the years since reading the book. ah well.

i read the book a couple years ago, and none of these actors look at all how i pictured the characters, which makes me sad. but then again, you can't please everyone. i am still excited to see the movie because i think it looks like an interesting, new interpretation of the novel.

that's a guest appearance for just a scene

Amitabh Bachchan in an American movie?

She's the girl with the really short black hair.

I so can't wait to see this movie!!!!!

Thanks! :)

Songs include: "No Church in the Wild" by Kanye West and Jay-Z and "Love is Blindness" by Jack White...if you are still wondering about it.

i can tell you have not read the book; foolish!

Does anyone know the name of the first song, please?

You know the girl that is talking to Nick (Toby Maguire)? That's Miss Baker.

Where's Jordan Baker?

Great song!!! Jack White:)

And I can see Myrtle.

That is not how I imagined Nick, Daisy, Jordan or Tom. Or really Gatsby, but I can see it in Leo a little bit. Wow.

just finished the book and I've seen this trailer before so I kept envisioning the characters with the actors faces! really enjoyed the book and can't wait for the movie!

So um, are they going to put DUBSTEP in the soundtrack? Cuz that would totally fit this movie.? :|

Leonardo is no longer hot. he was in Baz's Romeo and Juliet

This Christmas my butt, it's coming out in May

can't wait to see this!

@likewaterforfire

Whats the soundtrack ? 

Baz Lurman & Romeo and Juliett


good to see you too , spiderman

Now it's for 2013 :(

No, Gatsby is mid 30s. No such age difference

Yeah I'm not concerned with the actual age I just mean that leo is very boyish and gatsby is supposed to be very gentlemanly I am probably overly biased by Robert Redford's portrayal of gatasby I admit 

it sucks that I had to read the book in high school because I sadly know what happens in the end....

No, you Google "Watch the Throne group" and pick from anyone of the links saying "Jay-Z and Kanye West Announce new group name" 


After you've been properly schooled, come back and apologize and all will be forgiven.

HA! Please.. google 'The Throne" and go to the FM link.  Educate yourself. Because you sound extremely dumb. 

Gatsby dies.

Actually the name of Jay-z and Kanye's group is called The Throne. But thank you for your feeble attempt at correcting me.

movie looks good, im reading the book, to bad i have no idea what its about :(

I think it says D'Invilliers Parke Sanitarium, if you look at the epigraph of the book, it is written by 'Thomas Parke D'Invilliers,' a character made up by Fitzgerald and used in another of his books. It's quite clever of them to use that detail...but I do hope they don't change anything.

you always look so cool. the man in the cool beautiful shirts. 

Jack Dawson and Spiderman??? This movie is a comedy...

What.. I hope you're totally wrong T__T
The ending might've been a little twisted but it totally fit the character of the book!
I mean how would he end up there though? Gatsby may have been a bootlegger but he was one because of love. Daisy was a kind of a gold-digger & wanted money so he got money for Daisy right?
He was a fool for love but I don't think he showed any type of craziness that'd send him there other than when he tried to make Daisy admit that she loved him not Tom?

It is possible that they just didn't like the ending that they put together, maybe the ending they had wasn't even the same as the book and now they're changing it to be closer to the book. I hope thats the case at least because i loved the ending of the book too 

Can't Fucking Wait!

"no church in the wild" is actually by JayZ and Kanye West. But it was off their Watch the Throne album ;)

1920's parties look bomb as fuck

is there a film Leonardo doesn't smoke in 

Wow I waited so long for this and now I have to wait until may

@David Spurlock You understand that was carraway talking??

i see what you did there

yeah but real age doesnt matter. Leo still looks very young. in Hollywood people play in various roles in opposite of their real age, personality or gender

why not??

ANY MOVIE LEO MAKES IT IS JUST BRILLIANT...EVEN BEFORE I WATCH IT

ahahah never had an orgasm or an ecstasy before LOL but that sounds like fun!

Kind of weird casting, especially leo he's really too boyish to be gatsby 

And, please do keep in mind: people with money, like Gatsby, might very well have received a tremendous discount for buying wholesale. Therefore, from his perspective, liquor may have seemed QUITE cheaper because of his unique ratio of demand vs. supply? Just a thought. 

Looks just like the book

WHY, why is Amitabh Bachchan playing Meyer Wolfsheim?

I'm certainly glad to see you as well...

did this already come out in theaters. 

Um, I did, thanks : ) 

eh.net/encyclopedia/article/miron.prohibition.alcohol

Warbonnet presents a broad range of prices for the Prohibition period, and the lowest prices reported suggest that, even ignoring inflation, some alcoholic beverage prices fell relative to the pre-Prohibition period."

This film will most certainly win the best picture award next year. This looks to be a flawless film. 

if they ruin this...

hmm, i'm not sure about Carey Mulligan!!!

Looks like crap.

yeah... i dont like it :(

I hope the woman playing Daisy is a better Daisy than the one from the old movie because the Daisy from the old movie didn't fit what I expected :|
Upset that no director has the guts to make Myrtle big like she was meant to be though..
Excited nonetheless.

amitab bachannnnnnnnnnnnnn

"Midnight, the starts and you!" or any other songs from the 1920's should be put as the soundtrack of this movie!! not this modern song in the trailer... it would make a better one!

Baz Luhrman may have just killed nostalgia in one fell swoop.  He is a genius.


not easy to beat the original...unless they change some context from the previous movie.... = =

i thought it was about hair :(

"No church in the wild" by Watch the Throne and "Love is Blindness" by Jack White

I just got done reading the book in my English class and now I really want to see this.

What song is playing during the trailer?? I love it.

I see what you did there ;)

Wouldn't surprise me if a lot of the final scenes (especially the confrontation where Leo lunges at the guy) are not in the movie. I realized a lot of movie trailers end with something like that, then it doesnt end up being in the movie.

Nice trailer, old sport.

XD the book is not as interesting as this trailer 

Call spoilers for fucks sake!

A great story i read the book and it is amazing hope the movie is too

Part of this film was filmed at my place 
#my#life#is#amazing#when#this#hot#man#was#at#my#house
MOUNT WILSON

One of the few books where it doesn't seem like my teacher is pulling "symbolism" out of his/her ass. A great book indeed.

way to go giving away the end...some of us havent finished it yet..

My class too, we just finished the last chapter

Omfg I can't wait!!

gatel sekitar bijy

I think it's brilliant. Of course it's played out like a soap opera. Excuse me, but what good fictional book have you read that doesn't have a fantastical story? And saying, "it's on the required high school reading list for a reason." Isn't fair. Most of my classmates can think a much deeper level than a lot of adults today. Obviously, since people are still reading it, it's not overrated. And lastly, the symbolism was well hidden, simple, and mind blowing to discover; just the way it should be

The failed attempts to find meaning (through romance, through wealth and through personal achievements) in the wake of the spiritual vacuum in the 20th century.

its not about the "impossibility of the American Dream." It was about the dark side of the American Dream, those who rise to greatness, but then fall to corruptness, i.e. Tiger Woods

No church in the wild.. Jay Z and Kanye 

whos ur teacher?? im also reading this!!:D

While the original movie was probably better because it was more reserved. This movie seems to accentuate the 20's vibes that were in the book. To be honest, this is more how I imaged the book (I even made Gatsby look like Leo)

The first one is amazing! This sadly looks kind of lame and stupid...

Leonardo DiCaprio is looking more and more like Philip Seymour Hoffman every year.

Is that supposed to be Meyer at 1:03?

i seriously can't wait for this . This movie is going  to be so good .

CAN'T WAIT to see this movie!

This soundtrack guarantees that this film will never be a classic as does the abundant green screening and shitty CG.  


Take another look at Inception...

DiCaprio is so sexy with that white suit

FUCK YEAH GREAT GATSBY MOVIE!

I just cannot wait !

In all.... except What's eating Gilbert Grape, The Beach, Celebrity, Don's Plum, The Basketball Diaries, The Man in the Iron Mask, Gangs of New York, Catch me if you can, The Aviator, Body of Lies, Inception...

WANT A FREE 25$ GIFT CARD?  1.Go to App Store/Android Market 2. Download "App Trailers" 3. Go to "Bonus" type "josephcr7"  Choose from Amazon, Paypal, iTunes, PSN, Xbox, Starbucks and many more!!!  What do you have to lose? Try it out!!!

reading this in american literature right now, kind of a coincidence....

I honestly like  movie trailers like this one, first half of the trailer no drama.... the second half of the trailer drama. it makes it look like a good movie to watch 

One of the best books that I have ever read! I can't wait for this movie.

Leonardo looks sooo young here!

No church in the wild, first song

what is the music in this trailer? someone please tell me!

Well in the book Gatsby indirectly tells Nick that he had sex with Daisy back when they were younger, maybe it's a flashback

I doesn't mean they were having sex though. But I get what you mean.

Autotune in the 1920's? Seems legit....

Daisy and Gatsby were having an affair. There wasn't a scene in the book where they were actually having sex but can't hurt to put it in the movie

I'm so happy! It looks like all the best imagery is in there! Go gold and yellow.


this looks soooo good!! leonardo is perfect for the role of jay! i hope carey can pull of daisy well :) love the book

No! The Weeping Angels got Sally Sparrow!!!

0:21 = me!

omg been looking forward to this since i read the book last year

English class 2.0

copy and paste the link in your browser to download them

--> bit.ly/UETFI8?i22ezv  <--

Same director as Moulin Rouge, I am not amused :(

thumbs up if your here from english class

The book was not overrated, in fact, Fitzgerald died believing himself a failure because the book didn't sell well in it's first and second printing. It wasn't until years after Fitzgerald's death that the book got it's well deserved attention.

@NerdyLiberal no it's not.

I don't remember any sex scenes.

The story might be overrated, but not the writing. It was the most well written book I read in high school. 

I was looking foward into seeing this movie on Christmas, until they had to change the release date. <:3

Whats the song called at 1:44 ?


How our morals and ambitions do not in any way lead  to a happy life?

?
The whole story is about sex...

How is this not like the book? The images look pretty spot on with how they are described...

It sums up the themes better for a modern audience. The same way tunes that 70 years ago meant rebellion and thrill now sound like old people music. It is impossible to be plopped in a time perfectly and feel the way the people felt. They made the decision to go for the FEEL, the MESSAGE of the novel, over having background music that would have been available when the book takes place.

F. Scott Fitzgerald forget something? bahahhaha no dear, the prohibition was just for the poor. Yes it was technically against the law, but not to drink. Just to buy, sell, and transport. But if you happen to have some liquor then drink up! If you had enough money, you could drink all you wanted. Gatsby was a huge part of the moon shine business that's why he's so rich! 

The novel was actually highly criticized when it was first published. Not Fitzgerald's best work. The story plays out much like a soap opera. It's on the required reading list in high schools for a reason. The imagery and symbolism are easy to teach to high schoolers and it's not a particularly difficult read. It's a commentary on the impossibility of the American Dream, which was original at the time but still highly overrated. 

thats the point, it is Fitzgerald's view on society at the time, the fact that liquor is cheaper than ever, shows that the rich don't play the rules, which is a key feature throughout the book, if you have read it?

Im just waiting for toby to rip off his tuxedo and become spiderman

Pentdad, I read this book in high school and didn't think much of it. re-reading it a few years later I was amazed at all the amazing language, imagery, and devices that I did not see earlier. The book is really great, Fitzgerald's use of color is really brilliant. Above all else, take a look at what he is saying about the American dream. He was questioning where we were going as a society back in the 20s before the bust. The exact same questions can be asked today. 


He sits on a throne of lies!

this will be awesome

1st is No Church in the Wild by Kanye, JayZ and Frank Ocean

In the prohibition alcohol was so much everywhere it WAS cheaper. The prohibition was a joke.

NO THANKS, we don't want any fucking virus. 

copy and paste the link in your browser to download them

--> bit.ly/THfEet?euwwk  <--

lol Gatsby in an insane institution, WTF did I just read. He dies, end of story

You gotta be f**kin kidding me, a movie that takes place in the 1920s and STILL they gotta have some douche ass mofo karaoke f**ktard singing  disco crap through an autotune.

Oh Christ, he we go again, another movie with DiCaprio completely miscast. Freakin guy couldn't act himself out of a photo ID, but let's cast him the Great Gatsby LMAO!

it has the most beautiful sets...and actors - love Leo! 

lol

I'm kinda upset about the music choice :/

/watch?v=yAkCWhKNqsw

check out this The Great Gatsby video project my friends and i made for finals sophomore year in 2003. it was so fun making.

Did someone forget Gatsby was a liquor smuggler?  Old Sport

I just read the book again a few weeks ago, and there is plenty of sex in it. Not explicitly, but it's definitely mentioned or implied many times. Affairs and sexual attraction are a big part of the plot.

If you look up liquor prices in the 20s, it skyrocketed. Look it up. When something is illegal but in demand, prices tend to rise. So yeah, the line about liquor being cheap is silly. It may have been plentiful in the Jazz Age, but not cheaper than the pre-1919 years.

he leido esta novela mas de tres veces, necesito ver esta pelicula 

If you had money, you could get it, and people sold it illegally for cheap money

Damn it. Wanna watch it sooner. :) it's cool

Alliknow is that i love LEO :) thats all thank you. :)

Bootlegging go back to history. Did you even read the book?

It says the D'Invilliers Parke Sanitarium (Which was Fitzgerald's pen name and a character in this side of paradise) it probably is Fitzgerald dropping off his wife Zelda their

Are you fucking kidding me? As much as I hated the ending of the book THEY CANT CHANGE IT

its called having an opinion...you have yours, everyone else has theirs

This doesn't look like the book at all which is a shame, because it's an amazing classic. 

this dosent look very good, at all...i loved the book its a classic but this movie looks cheesy as hell. hell the should have put BPitt as jay. shit even a tim burton jdeep combo just to satisfy hot topic

thx for ruing the ending you peice of shit 

Its cheaper because its bootlegged... before the 20's it wasn't. Come on, get it together.


1:54 eyes of T.J. Eckelberg

One would think that they would use jazz music in the trailer of a movie based on the most representative book of the Jazz Age. One would be wrong.

The mentions it's New York in the 1920s.

Um, I believe the narrator is referring to the time BEFORE the 20's. Same to the other question about the buildings. Do you people not think before you post?

Gatsby was a Bootlegger

That , and I also didn't get the part with "the buildings were higher" .. like what do you mean? higher than now? what happened in the mean time , did someone chopped them off?

I KNOOW RIGHT?! THAT'D BE AWESOME <3

wouldn't it be great if Lana Del Rey sings for this film?

I think Gatsby and Carraway were both based on Fitzgerald.  If you read his bio., he was very like them in certain ways.  I wish Leo would star in a movie about Fitzgerald who lived a much more interesting life than his fictional characters.

That was the point of Gatsby being famous. He was a bootlegger and could afford the alcohol. If you actually read the book it gives the evidence that suggests that his job was part of the biggest moon shining era in history. So no, no one forgot about prohibition.

Really excited for the acting...but the tone of the movie seems to be a bit off :/

LoL ....i thought this was Gatsby's Hair Product Commercial :D

Sadly that  is how life works for some.


speakeasies?

As far as the themes of the songs, they work wonderfully, and Luhrman is great with anachronisms. Putting Kanye and Jay-Z, two staples of excess in the modern age, and a grandiose song about love's blindness are perfect for this film. 

Why make a movie if you can't make it your own in some way?

He's working with the stories themes and making it his own. 

F. Scott Fitzgerlad's wife also ended up in an insane institution. Maybe it has something to do with that. :) 

This looks like a wicked trailer, but i have yet to read the book.

Bootleggers...

two songs in the trailer aren't the soundtrack for the film. shut the fuck up you dumbs

Pot is illegal, how come it's cheaper in different parts of the country?

Jack Whites cover of U2s Love is Blindness

But i've already seen Shutter Island

Gatsby has to die in the end, just like the book. That ending was great. Please Hollywood,  don't fuck up a great book.

The point of the novel being....

Thanks for spoiling the movie on a TRAILER video :D

0:20 How can liquor be cheaper in the 1920s New York, or did someone forget about the prohibition (1920-1933)?

thats an interesting thought, but why would they show a shot of Wilson holding his gun at 2:04

Love Is Blindness

Can't wait! I just read the book!

Does somebody knows the name of the second song from this trailer (not that one called church in the wild) ? 

Baz Luhrmann, Mr. Style over Substance himself. I'll be shocked if this film doesn't miss the point of the novel. 

The Apple logo is there because this trailer came from Apple's trailer website.

@danieljno that would have been AWEFUL!!!!! Gatsby HAS to die otherwise the whole story would not make sense!! It would ruin it all!! Why would Hollywood be so eager to make things "better"/g rated at the risk of ruining such a great story?????

I love this book and I don't think any of the movies have been able to capture the essence of the book... this one especially looks like an utter mess, sorry.  

I've heard that the movie was pushed back because they wouldn't be done with music for it if release date was in dec. AND Lana Del Rey is writing music,I believe it'll fit perfectly :)

Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

IGCSE english anybody?

old sport..


OMFG if i have to see another movie thats a hit just bcs this fag is in it im gonna fckin dig my eyes out and live in happyness. fckin holywood shit. anything is good for u people.

What's with all the religious comments? Anyway I can't wait!!

can't wait!!

sexy dicaprio :*


WHERE THE FUCK IS CALLAN MCAULIFFE 

Oh my god, it looks fantastic! I am so excited! :D

Spoiler Alert, GATSBY DIES IN THE END OF THE BOOK BY Myrtles Husband, at Gatsby's house!!

READ THE FUCKING BOOK!

Or maybe nick ends up in the nuthouse after spending all that time with rich ppl.

So george wilson does not shoot him? misses? finds no reason to shoot because myrtle didnt get run over? ugh... they cant mess with the ending.

IN CASE YOU GUYS WANTED TO KNOW, the movie was pushed back due to the fact when they test ran this movie with few select people, they hated the ending, and therefore the movie was pushed back in order to change the ending. If you pause at around 1:11 you see s figure standing outside under a building called sanitarium (basically a nut house). I believe the ending was that maybe Gatsby, instead of dying, ends up going to an insane institution...

now i'm annoyed. i hope they dont play the trailer during the holidays...

I feel like my life has been leading up to this movie

Hate to burst your bubble, but you're going to have to wait some more... release date's been pushed to May. :( I was gonna go see this for a field trip too.... :(

Gatsby? What Gatsby?

This trailer started showing in theatres in may!!! the teasing was awful... but december is finally here!

wibbly wobbely timey wimey. 

sally sparrow!


Read the book.

hey, apparently the book is so fking good, everyone says. ive never read it. i love loenardo and all his movies are  a 10. i just dont understand the story line. i dont get how the story is so good. someone please explain storyline.

Cant wait, loved the book

Leonardo Leonardo Leonardo Leonardo Leonardo Leonardo....Why do you have to die in all the films...In Titanic,Departed etc etc...I know in this movie also There is death of Gatsby

just read the book it only takes a few hours.  Do your own homework dude! lol


yes !! you did..

dont click the annotation this piece of shit linked a fake

yup

Terrible. The music during the first 35 seconds is terrible. You asked.

WHY!? Why did they have to push it back to next summer!?!?!


I've never been so in love with a book before. I'm excited and I look forward to watching this film, but I don't believe it will be able to catch the true and raw emotion of Gatsby. Can't judge it now, but we'll just have to wait and see. So excited though!

Amitabh Bachan is at 0:31

“No Church in the Wild' Kanye West

did i saw amitabh bachan in the trailor?

Dicaprio is still hot as fuuucckkk

1:11 yeah right....I WISH

TOBEY AND LEO!!

Not to forget Amitabh Bachan. He's indian legend

And Leonardo fucking diCaprio

great music

Jack from the movie Titanic :))

wtf is up with rap music in the soundtrack?

The book was considered theeee american classic idk y u didnt like it it was awesome

ikr idk y it says christmas on the freaking trailer

The book is very good though! I'm surprise that you didn't like the book!!

Hum this movie looks good, but to be honest I strongly dislike the book: I know it is supposed to be a social commentary of the 1920s, but still I can't get myself to feel any sympathy for any of these characters (they all are so selfish and narrow-minded and they have ABSOLUTELY no respect for others, and even for themselves !), anyways I recommend people to read it because it does teach readers lessons about some of the major flaws of human kind.

Ohhhhhhhh my god I cant wait for this mivie!!!!

@SEPCesar93 it's love is blindness by Jack White

Great book, hoping to see a great film as well!

Love is Blindness (U2 Cover) by Jack White

I am Currently watching this movie of The Great Gatsby with my fellow students. How ever Toby McGuire the actor who played spiderman in the first three movies Spider man 1 , 2 , 3 will be acting in this movie as Nick Calloway this movie has sparked my 16 year old to watch this movie ~~ Good day sir

I don't think Toby McGuire is right for the role of Nick...

0:58 what song is this? 

Your sense of appetite is less than my raccoon. 

I totally agree!!! LOL

Really? I personally think Toby is a good choice for the character of Nick..
But I certainly agree on the Leo part! ahaha :P

Could someone please quickly summarize the plot of this? thanks :)

Daniel Day Lewis.
Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Joaquin Phoenix.

Not this year.

1:20 When he was throwing the shirts, he looked just like Jack Dawson and screamed cause i got excited cause im OBSESSED with Titanic.

leo needs an oscar so bad :D :D 
hit like if you agree :D

LOL!

you probably weren't...this is a highly colorful, dramatized, and modernized version of what it should be, aka the 1976 version. 

... I clicked on this just to see what kind of a book it was, since I soon have to start  reading it for school... Aaaand I got nothin'. 

song?

I just finished reading the book for college and thought I got the settings pictured right. Why can't I have the same imagination as Baz Luhrmann's?? I was waayy off!!

watching the old movie with the class maybe might watch this one because TOBY MOTHA FUCKING MCGUIRE SPIDERMAN IS IN THE HIZZIE

@keasha24 lol, we're just starting.

Why is Tom so skinny...isnt he supposed to be big ....goddamnnit

ahhh i read this book last year and loved it. Last year, there wasnt any trailer yet but here it is today!!! AHH!!! I just cant wait!!!

He had to pick DiCRAPrio... :(

I don't think this will be as good as the book, but thats okay, because DiCaprio is perfect for this role. cant wait!

Great Actors and have a Since in movie 
have to see it

agreed!!!!

i just read the book in my class....Now i wanna see the movie... good book....

so Jack is first class now..huh?

steve nash

Jay z / Kanye west - No church in the wild

Could anyone tell me the name of the song in the first part of the trailer? Thanks

I'm so excited to see this movie. I loved the book but wasn't a fan of the first movie. So glad Leo plays Gatsby!

I disagree with a lot of the complaints I've read so far. I actually think the cast is as dead on as it could possibly be with the choices at hand in this time. Also, I don't really think that the music will affect the "feel" of the movie as much as they say, nor does it really matter if it isn't from the "correct" time period. Also, this might actually be the first role I will actually /like/ Toby Maguire in..

The "essay" wasn't just for your benefit.

Ok I have just seen this and I can say it looks deeply horrid and even though its a trailer- I do believe the film is going to be pointless because it is yet another attempt to be a hybrid and 'post-modern' experience rather than an accurate dramatisation of the novel. WTF is that song doing in this film set in the 1920 when there is a world of jazz and razzmatazz. The music demands of the period demands the Charlton and the black Bottom. Leave it to Baz to ruin it. It also looks out of period!

I just finished the book today, such a good read! 

OMG!! 1:05-1:10...Amitabh Bachchan!!! Go India!

this is horrible. this is not F.Scott Fitzgerald's novel. it's hollywood. Where is the jazz music of the 1920's?

why the HELL did they push it back?

it seems its closer to the story line at times and other times no we'll see how it'll play out


Call me stupid but is that Leo or Toby reading that segment from the novel at the beginning?

oh too tough. I love Swimming with sharks, which is indie, and when i tell people they have no idea what I'm talking about. 
pulp fiction
midnight in paris
the artist
(500) days of summer
ohhh so many to pick
you?

"Love is blindness" by Jack White and "No church in the wild"

0why the fuck was the end of the cigar censored?

No Church in the Wild such a good soundtrack, cant wait

the movie deserved like without seeing the trailer i.e Leonardo DiCaprio 

This looks so aweeeeeeesome!

the 2000 version is better than this one. too much extra added on this one!

I cannot wait for this :) :) :) :)


What's the name of the song at the very beginning not love is blindness

What is the first song in this trailer please?

I don't understand. Lol

Leo, I'm still waiting on you, Bae.  Mmmmmmmmmmmm

I think that Mrs wilson should be Drew Barrymore

I really loved the book...highly recommended!

but i must watch this movie love leo

a other movie that leo dies in what else is new

i know right

thats cuz it didnt happen. thats cool though. The Great Gatsby, though a phenomenal masterpiece, is not a play, and so when it is adopted as a motion picture the movie will not be exactly the same. This is the director's interpretation of the film and all it's moods, tones, and all the emotions of the characters will come out as it is visually recreated just as the director imagines them in his mind.

maybe it faded to a lighter color after old age. hahahaha
you're right, producers need to pay attention to the obvious details like that

i'm scared this is going to be an extremely visual movie, whereas, the story will be a tad forgotten.

Daisy's not blonde either, when we're told about Gatsby and Daisy's initial relationship it said he "stroked her dark hair"

Boring? You are joking right. I'm seventeen and I read the book a few months ago - and i was just breathtaken. I seriously could not stop crying. The book is so beautiful and so heartbreaking. What on earth was boring about it? Cannot WAIT to watch this movie.

Toby Macgwire makes a good choice for Nick

Amitabh Bachchan :D

Jack Whiteeeeeeee!!!!

no, that is spider man |-)

the liquor were cheaper during prohibition? That explains how Gatsby makes so much money. Sells illegal cheap liquor during prohibition. 

Probably watched this trailer 7,358,565 times.

I hope this turns out to actually be good.

yes

I love this trailerr sooooo muchh!!!

Amaizing book ;)

Amazing Movie!


Read the book last yr when I was 16yrs old , its boring but igot a 90 on my essay

Read the book gatsby dies , read the book then watch the movie 8)

No shit, I was thinking the same. Fucking Hollywood. 

Amithab Bachan!!!!! Here I come!


i know right 

tobey maguire and leonardo dicaprio will work awesome together.

that sucks

if you google it says they changed it to may 13th 2013 

I'm sad that we have to wait until May now :'(

it does

i thought christmas???

so sad this isnt coming out until may now:(

OMG.we are reading this soon in my english class, if its anything like this trailer looks than im stoked for the lesson.

Excited by this! Praying they keep close to the novel

Something truly American

If you truly knew the book and based it on the lyrics of the song. You wouldn't be assholes about it.

The soundtrack totally ruins it. This trailer gives me the impression of a complete dumming down of F. Scott Fitzgerald's work. L-A-M-E!

Based on what I read from the books, this is not at all what I expected the movie would be like. Still, looks really good. Can't wait!

I hate. The songs in this fucking trailer. 

It's the fucking 1920's. Get some fucking 1920's themed music, you assholes.

Oh god if only Steve McQueen could've played Gatsby.

This movie couldn't be more perfect, I absolutely hate Tobey Maguire and I hated Nick in the book, but everything else was perfectly beautiful. Hell yes.

What's the song in there ?

SPOILER ALERT-gatsyby dies

No church in the wild

the name of the first song pls


lol woman's face at 0:36

‘The poor son-of-a-bitch,’

is that Peter Parker ?

This trailer is the only reason I'm reading the book. lol

anyone no what certificate this is? 

spiderman is here too, I wish to see him webswinging XD

They moved the release date to 2013 like wtf

Is that Jason Clarke @ 2:08?

thx man

Damn it Leo why you gotta be so hot all the time!

Just read the book. It's a novella, you can read it in five days max if you're an average reader, in one day if you just devote a day to the book. 

Yea, they're so super similar to each other. This movie is obviously about a super hero and a sinking boat. The only thing they have in common is that Gatsby takes place in NY, or rather 20 miles east of NYC, and it's set in the 20s, a bit later than Titanic is set, with a huge love triangle going on. 

SPIDERMAN+TITANIC= ......

You are joking, aren't you?
Because that is definitely not the case.

what is spidey doing here?

its a classic story your yawn

all i see is Spiderman and Leo's character from Shutter Island ... yawn

wait, I'm actually so excited for this(: 


Glad I'm not the only one. <3

Actually, Jack White wrote the original song. U2 did the cover of it.

Read it first, I recommend it :3

read the book, wait the film

just wanted to ask about teh second song, thank you good man.

I like Leo as Gatsby and Toby as Nick, but I never really pictured Tom with a mustache. I always saw Tom as being taller and stronger than Gatsby since he's a football player and just a player in general.

word's can't describe my love for this trailer. dicaprio is brilliant. i am too excited for this movie 

1:08 Featuring Spiderman? Awesome!

And the Oscar goes to... not Leonardo DiCaprio.

A lot of people are complaining about the 3D aspect of this movie. That's amazingly short-sighted. If any movie deserved to be in 3d, it was this one. Consider, the Great Gatsby is bigger than life, is set in the twenties and is based on a literary adaption. Its High Theater!!! Get it???  The Cinema experience will be like watching a live stage play of a literary masterpiece with all the colour and spectacle of roaring twenties Regency theater production come alive. 

Makes perfect sense to have it in 3D. The Cinema experience will be like watching High Theater - a live stage play of a literary masterpiece with all the colour and spectacle of roaring twenties Regency theater production come alive. 

Because its the Nineteen-twenties 

1:37 metal watch bracelets hadn't been invented

Love is blindness- Jack white cover

OH MY GOD I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE...

holy fuck. favourite classic ever. i'm more excited for this than christmas itself...

Not Toby MacGuire!! Please no!


love is blindess by jack white

i'm reading this book in class right now and i am BEYOND juiced to see this :DD

AODHAHDHNA Baz Luhrmann is back on the big screen. Calm, body, calm...

Are you fucking serious? It's 1922, what's up with the shitty techno/electro music?

Tobey MacGuire is PERFECT as Nick, though. So is Leonardo as Gatsby.

Most colorful movie trailer I have seen

Song name at the end of the trailer plz?

so excited for this

Hopefully, the movie will be as great as the book. 

Im obessed with this trailer....wish I could time travel to go see this.....then time travel in time for thanksgiving lol

no church in the wild - kanye & jay z
love is blindness - jack white

I think the best approvement is the new Tom Buchanan

Spiderman :O

Meh, the soundtrack is a bit... off. Put some dark 20's jazz in there, and I'm sold

Whats the name of the songs?

Im sooo excited!!!


It seems good but really don't understand it

YESSSS SPIDERMAN 4 :DDDDDDDD

Nick is an extremely awkward wuss, Tobey is perfect for him.

The problem is. in order to be visually appealing, any film set before the turn of the century has to be heavily stylized and exaggerated. If this film were set in a realistic depiction of the 1920s, the audience would likely be bored to death by how drab and uneventful everything seemed. By contrast, Luhrmann has made the 20s seem like a time when things were exciting and stimulating, even by today's standards. That being said, I think his style fits this film perfectly.

No it is a spoiler. You are an asshole to everyone who is currently reading the book and read this.

I think that both are at fault here. Clearly leaving spoilers without giving some disclaimer is pretty rude but at the same time people like that are usually expected in the comments area of these types of videos. 

Is there a place where book characters stay?

Gatsby...WHAT GATSBY? -_____-

I just feel that Luhrmann's style is far too camp and far too over the top for this film to work visually, and that's saying something where Gatsby is concerned. Gatsby's house looks to gothic and Hogwarts-like as well, I don't remember that being mentioned in the book. Jack White's cover however, is perfection. 

Baz Luhrmann? I simply love everything he does. And with DiCaprio too?? I can't wait for this one to come out!!!

If you watch a 3D movie in 3D doesnt that make it 6D?

No Church in the Wild'' by Kanye West & Jay Z

First Romeo + Juliet, Now The Great Gatsby....Baz Luhrmann just has a thing for books I read in high school

Baz Luhrmann has a way of making things feel like sleek explosive operatic cabaret poetry;
Luhrmann+ Dicaprio= fire. Can't wait.

Was that... autotuned music? at the beginning? 

Go home 1922 you're drunk.

jack white-love is blindness

the green light in the background at 2:17 shows a great attention to detail

AT 0.30 SECONDS THE ANGRY YOUNG MAN THE Amitabh Bachchan 

i absolutely cannot wait for this movie i loved the book! it's really a shame they pushed it back...i was so ecstatic...oh well i can wait :/ 

this movie is gonna suck just by seeing the trailer i can tell they arent going by the book. its not Fitzgeralds great gatsby if its not word by word this is just another piece of shit hollywood drama. 

Gosh...this takes forever to load


You, too!!!! :) I like that we found this common interest of great films. We should recommend movies for each other!

The Great Fratsby

A shirt?! I want a shirt. But yeah, I'm rereading it now. It's just such a great book. LMis should be pretty good, and I'm hype to see Lincoln soon. But May will be the height of 2013 for me, haha :)

I wish people would stop going on about Spiderman for god's sake 

so what day is this coming out for sure? Ive heard Christmas, but now people are saying June

That's my birthday too!!

jack white - love is blindness

I wish our country could do a movie about our great books. The sad part is that we have some directors in the USA...

Its perfect, Leonardo as Gatsby is even more perfect.

so excited! 


I really start to think that Vinnie Chase from ENTOURAGE is Leo DiCaprio in real life 

Toby McGuire as Nick? Why? Ughhh

Yeah, I figured that was the reason, and don't get me wrong, I completely agree with you and them. It should have a fair chance and I think it'll be good enough to win awards, but still, I was really looking forward to it and it would've made my Christmas season that much better 

im so happy toby got a movie!!! 

But they had sex and held hands (Daisy and Gatsby).. What trailer u watching?

Spider-Man, Titanic AND Drive in one movie!

sigh, its not coming out this year 

1920's.1922.

1950's american Disturbia gotta love it<3


1. No Church in the Wild -- Jay Z
2. Love is Blindness -- U2 (Jack White Cover)

everything looks so perfect. I love the music and the actors/actresses. Mostly, i love how they aren't forgetting all the symbolism, irony, and metaphors from the book. I have such high expectations for this movie and i can hardly stay in my seat waiting!

Parties aren't like that in the 1920's. People dance slowly in this age.

Makes no sense in 3D! Already gun-shots and action in 3D, now this in 3D???

No, because both will be separate works of art. If anything reading the book will further familiarize yourself with the characters and plot, which will enhance the story. I enjoyed the book and look forward to the film adaption.

conan obrien at 1:46

Why does the people started reading that book now that the trailer is out.... Wouldn't it kinda ruin the story of the movie ?

Can't look at Toby without seeing Peter Parker...

overproduced..

Well, it least you haven't finish as he did. Not yet, at least :P

Where's the Green Light?

I wish they had a different actor than Tobey..


Hopefully this movie isn't restricted 16 (Which it probably is because of 2:00) 

Well, you know, if Titanic hadn't been re-released in 2012 as well...

Wow, Mr. Gatsby, how are you watching this from beyond the grave?

Well this is a compliment! I was certainly not quite that handsome, nor was my house quite that big. I wish it had been!

he's not just some guy at a party

Titanic 2012, here we come.

NO TOBY YOUR SPIDERMAN NOT SOMEGUY AT A PARTY


the style would fit  to a bioshock movie!

One the greatest novels of the Modern period. Reading it now as an adult is much more vivid; relating to the characters, the humor, and the aesthetics of Fitzgerald's prose and use of imagery are appreciated greatly now that I'm Nick Carroway's age.

Yes! Finally a remake to the old movie. Oh and bring back when I read this book in high school.

Seems great, but shouldn't the music be more appropriate for its time? I know it's a trailer but, that R&B doaa-doaa didn't do any justice.

Spider-man and Titanic in one movie ! i love it!

Wow spot on! I thought Toby was a good choice but Joseph would've be much better.

CURRENTLY READING THE GREAT GATSBY! IM LOVING EVERY PAGE 

Love is Blindness - Jack White

I remember this book from high school English class!

anybody knows what the second song is?

I think he's got a better shot with Django Unchained personally. Either way its going to be an amazing year for DiCaprio, I'm rooting for him!

@Sfgifxyn It's based on a classic book, I recommend it highly x)

I don't get what the movie is bout

yea! tobey sucks!

@MrOneofthousands1994 I'm quick to judge?? You're the one who pointed the finger labeled "attention whore" at me. You seem like the one who is judging in my opinion.  And I don't always cuss, but when I do there is reason. And since you're so keen on "rationality" (seeing as how you wanted me to tell him i was reading the book) he's the one who insulted those who haven't read the book? He said "go die" after giving away key parts!

@AzureBoludo1 I love how you put this. :)

far from it

fuck toby maguire


D.J Eckleburg sees all youtube comments.

im forced to read the book hope its good

Oscars are what they give as consolation prizes to those who want to feel validated in their abilities as artists. Leo is too good of an actor to fall for that ploy. 

Almost, but I think he's too good looking and cool and all, would've distracted from the attention on Gatsby in a way. 

we're reading this book in class right now

I am a straight male in a committed relationship, but after this trailer, I would totally f*** DiCaprio.

Damn, i wouldn't mind watching this. Just read the book watching the old version now but i want to see this version also!! :)

Reading the book in class :)

Leo loves him some Oscar bait.

When is the UK PREMIERE?!?!

My spidey senses are tingling...

Cool!!


Again, so quick to judge others. You could have just said that you were reading the book, instead of cussing the guy out for no reason. Or, since you're reading the book and actively trying to avoid finding out the ending, you could have not read the comments on the trailer for the movie, which is a likely place to find spoilers. It looks like you're the one who screwed up here, not adrian.

joel edgerton and isla fisher STRAYA CUNT!

ummmm no. i don't long for attention and i certainly don't seek it from dirt like you who cannot grasp the basic concept of my original comment to adrian. I am not yelling to everyone to join in, like you did without reason, i am angered because im in the middle of reading the book and this guy comments this. if you dont understand, do us both of favor and do not join in. 

Here, this is me giving you attention, which is obviously what you were hoping to get with a comment like that. Now, please leave, so those of us who actually have something meaningful to say can have a chance to speak.

hahaha!!

he would have took away from Leo. 

fuck you, who the fuck are you to judge that? not everyone is your age you arrogant piece of shit.

Gatsby gets killed by George after he takes the blame for running over Myrtle. If you haven't read the book please die. This isn't a spoiler its history.

Who is better actor: Leonardo DiCaprio or Daniel Day-Lewis?

Jay-Z & Kanye West to be precise.

Oh fuck it's baz lerhman. This is gonna suck.

well, toby macguire got a job.

What is Carraway doing at 0:22 ??  

that's definitely not the Nick i imagine when i read the book

this looks pretty fucking bad

way better actors than the first one

the parties were big-URR

no church in the wild by some black guys

omfg i'm so excited for this, i just hope tobey maguire is good!!!

song at @ 00:00 - 00:40

I just got done reading this book at school and watched the movie. I must say they didn't key point the important parts in the film that were in the movie. I really hope hope this is good

It’s Jack White doing a cover of U2‘s “Love is Blindness” :)

When's it coming out? I heard they moved the date again. :/

That "love is blindness" song whats it called and who made it? :)

No spoilers now... ;)

ok... it's the Warrior guy! nevermind

cannot wait for this, omg

Who's the 1:46 guy? I know this face from I don't know which movie?

@rjainfh l yeah correct. i am damn lucky to join this web site. look, if you do this is easy to make daily $30 without investing a cent:P. if you wanna try just try now  => bit.ly/TBAYjT?=mqsjfuv

amitabh????does anyone know him?

Great Call dude!!!!


Happy Birthday Leo

i like tobey for this role.

Leo and carrey muligan look amazing in the trailer.

The author of the book "The Great Gatsby", F. Scott Fitzgerald, lived in the era, having published the book in 1925, in the midst of the, so called, "Roaring 20's". He was a party-goer himself, in fact, considered by many to be the "life of the party" as it were. With no offence to you personally, he knew very well about what he was talking about. :P The parties described in the book had me thinking they were equally, if not more extravagant than depicted in this trailer.  

I totally agree! I also dont really like Tobey's voice for narration, its a bit irritating.

Happy Birthday Leonardooo!!!!!

Am I the only one that thinks that Joseph Gordon-Levitt would have been a perfect Nick Carraway??

spiderman
 indian man
and simply
LEONARDO THE MEN

I can't wait that long till 2013 (

The advertisement for the movie trailer was a movie trailer :p how ironic. 

This particular version is by Jack White, and is titled "Love is Blindness". :)

How is the Song called in the end with the lyrics " love is bliinding" ?!

Hmmm maybe I should read it again, I liked some parts of it, but the ending just seemed a bit... sudden.

nice ,i just wanna say that today  is Leonardo birthday ,wish him  a successful and a god year.LOVE YOU LEO 

any films with leo in i LOVE!!!!!!  <3

Wow, I never envisioned anything like this when I read this book back in high school! 

I loved the 1974 one and this one even looks better with two of the greatest actors Leonardo and Tobey. This is just another movie where Leonardo will die. This guy loves dying in movies. Can't wait for the movie though. 

Exactly! I couldn't agree more. 

I agree...the music sucks!  Period music would be much better.

ryan goslin?  no way!  

I dont like the girl they chose for daisy.  

so perfect 

Amazing book, please be good!

Peter parker high as f**k going back to the 1920's 

Go home spiderman you're drunk.

Is the horrendous music a joke?

ryan gosling should be gatsby, just saying

Wow, give how dull the book is, this trailer actually looks really good :)

amitab bachan finally in hollywood


i THOUGHT THIS WAS COMING OUT IN DECEMBER! BUT NOW IT COMES OUT MAY 2013:(((

The Great Gatsby (Trailer Song) - ''No Church in the Wild'' by Kanye West & Jay Z

whitch is this music?

Gatsby ? What Gatsby ? 
Me: The Wax ! you dumb ! 

This movie looks like a pile of trash.  And an ironic one at that.

whats the song from this trailer called?

love is blindness, why would you try to recreate perfection?


I just hope this movie draws more from the book than the previous movies.

does this trailer remind anyone of Across the Universe?

i pictured them soo differently! daisy had long black hair in my mind, and gatsby was tall with sharp features and always wore a black tux hahaha 

Spoiler: Snape kills Dumbledore

seems a little too over the top

and boom! she gets run over by a car

DID I SEE HARRY POTTER?!?

woah man.... too far.  

CLEARLY YOU HAVE NOT SEEN SPIDERMAN

Jay-Z & Kanye West : No church In the wild

I stopped breathing whilst watching this, cannot wait to see it XD


Spoiler: half the main characters die

What's the name of the song at the beginning ??

I like the colors of it...but I don't think I'm going to see it. Doesn't show anything (I mean that it should show everything about the storyline) for someone who doesn't know the story.

It's just flashing bulbs, fabric and angst all over...Like what the hell?

On a sidenote, glad to see Toby onscreen in something, great actor

doin this for my lit exams!!!
so dope


i loved the novel, the moral of the whole story was: everything changes within time nothing is what it used to be. even great love changes 

This is looking way better than the original movie,by the looks of it, the mood of this film fits the mood of the book, I actually imagined Gatsby's parties looking like that.


I don't know, I just don't feel comfortable about Tobey Maguire playing Nick, althought I like Leonardo DiCaprio playing Gatsby.

i need to re read this...

Yeah I agree.

Amitabh Bachchan!!

I was so excited untill it said it was going to be in 3D.
I cried tears of terror.

This trailer is 100% perfection in my opinion. Shouldn't have moved it. I think it would've been awesome for this Christmas

wooooooooo!

wooo!

For everyone saying how kanye's song is irrelevant to the trailer, you gotta look into the trailer a little more. The song actually resembles the movie very well. The song, "No Church in the Wild" points to the fact that during the 20's, it was a care-free, dangerous, and reckless era in which there wasnt much morality nor guidance. So its a perfect fit! Like so everyone can see!

Curse of the vocoder


They did party a lot in the book but I've never imagined this level of extravagance

i got chills watching  this trailer...

Read the book about a year ago. I love it! It's like Romeo & Juliette but more modern! :)

is that Amitabh Bachan :O

Tobey Maguire and Leo DiCaprio are sure to get a LOT of praise for these roles. I can't wait for this movie!!

Using the most modern day song for a movie based on the most classic of stories... Quite ironic if you really think about it.

Looks too glorified and unreal but I'll have to give it a shot

One the most famous pieces of american literature with No Church in the Wild in the trailer, FUCK YES!!!  

you should be sterilised 


Isn't Tom supposed to be buff?

Ayo..... daaaaamn... That guitar riff is just ill....

It really projects a vibe of instability. Perfect for Gatsby.

Love the novel. Already likin' the movie.

i want to vote you up but u have 69 likes and i cant ruin that :(

Amitabh Bachchan!


I'm reading this book right now in my english class
and hell I'm getting chills from this trailer especially with Jack White in the background

"YOU ALWAYS LOOK COOL... IN COOL SHIRTS" :)

Ok now I am going to.read the book, for English, and myself :D

The Jay-Z was out of place and an insult to the novel.

But not only the great gatsby but a ton of other movies for 2013 i can't think of their names though.


With Great Gatsby, comes great responsibility.

omg!@!#! 2013 is going to have so many good fucking movies!

Quite possibly the best movie trailer ever. 

Love is blindness by Jack White

Wouldn't it make more sense to play music from the 20s in a trailer for a movie that takes place in the 20s

Damn good. This is the best movie I watched this month. I like it. 

what's the name of the song that starts at 1:21?!?!?!

I remember watching them film a scene down the street from my house :D

SO EXCITED. 

The way of the future ...hmmmpp....the way of the future..hmmppp...

You're right, literary fiction seldom translates well. Have you ever seen Day of the Locust? The film has problems, but the final scene is worth it. Well, that and seeing Burgess Merideth. 

Hey it's Peter Parker!

i'm pretty sure it's the part when nick first goes to manhattan with tom and myrtle. he describes what he sees on the queens borough bridge and the young black people in the car are part of that scene. maybe chapter 3 or 4?  

Poor length of comment
Poor subject matter

I'm not sure if you're a total douche, or just a pretentious tool regarding Youtube comments. Aesthetically, the filmmakers probably won't give a shit about your opinion.

The Great Gatsby does not translate into a very good movie simply because the book is just kind of dull. I mean, it's a wonderful book with a lot of meaning and feeling, but I don't see it as a good film.

Only morons think the soundtrack is perfect for this PERIOD film.

Average casting 
Poor music genre choice
Excellent book
Except for cinematography over all average trailer. 

Im not sure if it will be a poor, average or excellent film until I see it. If they decide to use music outside of the genre, I will refuse even see it on Netflix. Some things have timeless value and should never be sacrificed to cater to a generation that has no appreciation for period music. Aesthetically, I find their use of modern music in an antique age an abomination.

I can't think of a better actor to lay Gatsby than Leonardo. I'm also very excited Toby McGuire is Nick since Toby and Leo are good friends in real life 

the great di caprio

sorry U2 song

The song is a U@ song called "Love is blindness" of their album Actung Baby. Here it is sung by Jack White

God, what a shame it's Baz Luhrmann.

i saw the old one in my english class today. cant wait to see this one :D 

I don't like Carey as Daisy, don't know why... :/

The said Christmas, they lied to me :(

Great montage, great music!

Actually a shit soundtrack. I don't think they were listening to hiphop and american cock rock in 1922

Ok, why see a real movie in 3D? 

O_O HOLY SHIT. I'VE GOT TO SEE THIS.

Leonardo DiCaprio, the best as always

best soundtrack to any trailer ever?


yes, but this movie is not yet that.... and the last two film adaptations have proven to fall very short of the book. so don't get me wrong, the book is my favorite of all time, but that doesn't mean the movie is going to be as great.

does anyone know where to find that scene with those black people driving in that car in the book. i really need to find it

SOOOOOO EXCITED !!! i wanna watch it soooo bad

The great gatsby is a huge piece is classic literature. Saying that it looks bad is just idiotic

Did anybody else notice the Apple logo in the bottom right corner? wtf haha

This looks terrible.

i do agree with you in a way. lemme just say from my perspective it looks like a great movie and i cant wait to check it out.

Does anyone know what the song at the beginning is?

They had to take Tobey out of Pi. They had to reboot Spider-Man. They had to put him in the Details. It seemed like good'ol Maguire was dead. It seemed. Guess what? Agaya vapas Mami Ji! Amitabh noo nall lay kay agaya! Too bad whites can't understand.

its always interesting to see two best friends in real life play enemies :)

Back in 20s they didn't have to listen to this crappy autotune music... oh wait.

Thank you

No church in the wild- kanye west

omg I cant wait to see thisssss!

What is the song playing in the beginning?


Spoilers for those who have not read the book: why does Leonardo DiCaprio die in every movie he's in!! amazing casting though, i'm so excited for this!

1920s is the bomb!

amazing trailer


leonardo and fired-spiderman in the 1920s with jay-z and kanye in the background? i'm sold.

Who saw the twins in the yellow dresses? :D

what the fuck is this song?


I love how Tobey Maguire looks the same in his first Spiderman movie (2002) and now in 2012...good genes! lol

i don't know but i have always refrained myself from reading books. I don't like it all. 

This is gonna be good. really good. 

i hope the criticism on the upper class is kept in the movie (like it is in the book) because the other adaptations (there were two) were pure shit....seriously.

It's a classic. I read it on my own, even though it is four times my age. It was.. Amazingly strange..

 Fitzgerald is a legend. His work applies to and any time. it is ageless because he understood a lot about society and wrote from the experiences he suffered with his own wife. It is way better then some of the books being written these days that's for sure.

This just looks so.... GAH I CANT WAIT


Gatsby, Karenina and Moriarty...
2012 was definitely a good year.

They better have some period music, the music from the trailers is scaring me a little


80 years huh? That's like four times my age.

is that Amitabh Bacchan at 1:06???

I'm so happy to see those sophisticated African-Americans driving in that car in the very beginning of this trailer. I appreciate the fact that they are showing homage to the Harlem Renaissance Movement in black communities during the 1920's. I already love the Great Gatsby and Leonardo DiCaprio but that seen made me even more happy about seeing this!!!

Suprisesuprise,no

I am going to marry him someday. Seeing it just, because of Leo. :-)

I really am liking this book so far. It's really good for being written in the 20's

youve never read the book? its been out for like 80 years

i dont understand the story,hey but Leo is real hot

wakes up in the third stage of inception.


am i the only one who is super mad that its not coming out till next may? :/


So I guess I'm the only one who thinks it looks dreadful?

Appalling music choices too.

its love is blindess by jack white

what is the second song?

I dont think they picked the right actress to play daisy. when i read the book i imagined daisy completely different but I'm still going to see the movie =)

looks like a pretty film

I can't take this seriously with Tobey Maguire playing Nick I really hope he's good in it

ZOMG I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THIS!! IT'S ONE OF MY FAVORITE NOVELS!! :DDDDD

OMG I want to see this movie so badly!!!!!!!!!

I meant Tobey will be great! I'm excited.

perfect casting...in fact, its so impeccably accurate and linked to what I had imagined in my mind that this might be my top movie in my life yet.

Character Ratings:
Gatsby   9.9/10
Tom B.   9.5/10
Daisy     9.5/10
Nick C.   9.0/10

they've sold me! this trailer has me wanting success

Honestly leave the damn people alone. he'll make a fine Nick.

After finally reading this amazing book, I can not wait to see the movie. 

green light at the end...

Which Gatsby sucks? The literary modern classic that is a highly celebrated biting critique of the decadence of the capitalist boom in the 20's, or the equally celebrated genre-blurring 1974 movie that won two academy awards, three Baftas and a Golden Globe? Because it would seem that neither of them actually DO suck at all. Just sayin....

Apparently the Spiderman is Nick. You would understand if you read the book

being inclined to reserve judgements n shiz.

Leonardo DiCaprio Totally Rules..

That's the one! 

Gatsby sucks. This better be straight to DVD.

Not the Great Gatsby, Spiderman 4.

is there any change this movie's not gonna have the same ending as the book ?

Looks like DeCrapio got his buddy Spidey a gig...

New York 2030's instead 1922 right

Vincent Chase would have killed in this movie.

i didnt know they had autotune back then

DO YOU KNOW WHO CUT THE TRAILER?

I've been imagining my own Great Gatsby, because i like his character and no need to tell why here. But never imagined Mr. DiCaprio will play as him. Just, no way.

i would have loved to see this directed by scorcese as gritty 1920s piece. luhrman can make his circus-y trash all he wants but this book deserved a better class of directing. the book as much as its about the glitter of gatsby's parties is much more about the people that inhabit this world, their clash in the new world. the subtley and mystery of gatsby..the plenty that's left unsaid. but what do we get... by the looks of it moulin rouge redux. damn!

"i discovered a man of fine..." the old guy who say's that dialogue at 1:03.. that's "Amitabh Bachchan" the same one for who's autograph the SLUMDOG Jamal malik GOES GAGA IN THE 'SLUMDOG MILLIONARE' MOVIE......

hey! thanks for the info.... and that someone's kanye west..... B)

what the fcuk? how can it be? i mean, how does leonardo always manage's to do it? i mean, he make's every character he play's look coooool... 

I want to see this!=D


What the hell is Spiderman doing in here?

PETER PARKER YES!!!

Cant exactly wait for this!

See trailer with Leonardo DiCaprio, read book replacing Gatsby with him... Best Story Ever!

this movie will be amazing. i'm reading the book now

what no "Old Sport" ?!

This is an amazing book! <3

Well, looks like they read a totally different book to what I just have!! Wasn't half as exciting as this trailer makes it out to be. Artistic licence I guess!

i cant wait to see carey in 3d!!!

Leonardo DiCaprio = Good choice for Gatsby
Mousy Spiderman Kid = TERRIBLE choice for Nick

This looks like total and absolute trash.  I certainly understand why they keep pushing back the release date (currently May 2013) -- they are hoping that they end of the world will really happen in December 21st and the problem will be solved.

This film is being shot on on a 4k resolution and when this is combined with 3d it will look amazing. 

Most of the 3D to now has not been shot on 4k. 

You will need to see it on a 4k projector to understand this resolution. I seen Prometheus, Skyfall and Dark Knight Rises on 4k and they all looked amazing. 

Having seen this trailer I can fully understand what it will look like when seen on 4k. 

Jesus is a dumb nigger.  STFU

how I love movies set in Prohibition

was that indian actor Amitabh Bachan at 1:03??

seriously. Like, nobody else would have fit the role.

Someone?!? THAT'S FRANK OCEAN!

Toby McGuire? did not see that coming...


because they book makes a point to say that anyone, anything could happen then. 

Leo DiCraprio? He looks and acts like a boy and the "new" Daisy does not inspire. For all it's flaws, go with the Redford/Farrow version from the 1970s. This one looks like vapid trash. 

why are the black people partying?

Gatsby in 3D? what the hell i wrong with this planet. Melmack, i am going home.

Thanks :)


Song 1 - No Church in the wild - Jay Z and someone else
Song 2 - Jack White - Love is Blindness (U2 cover)

what is the song in background....plz reply if anyone know. 
Thanks 

0:30 AMITABH BACHCHAN

JACK! YOU'RE ALIVE?!?!?! AND HANGIN OUT WITH SPIDER-MAN!

song?

THIS LOOKS FUCKING AWSOME!! nearly 7 million views :o

looks as crappy and boring as cosmopolis
some shit for middle clas bourgeoisie who completely lost touch with reality

no church in the wild, i think


whats the name of the first song?


Hollywood these days doesn't take chances.  They're just betting on doing something that's been done before.  There's been five other Gatsby movies, the most well known was back in 1974 with Robert Redford as Gatsby.

As the top comment suggests, the problem with the 1974 version was that while it stayed true to the novel, it just didn't feel like it was set in the 1920s.

i've read the book, so this doesnt apply to me. but way to ruin the movie for people who havent read the book :P

I don't know what hell Hollywood was thinking about making a movie out of such a complex novel.

i hate it when leo has to kiss and do bed scenes with other girls... i just get jealous! anyway this movie would be great: the bestfriends Leo and Toby.

WE HAVE TO WAIT TILL MAY!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOO!

-_- Why remake the awesome portrayal of the 1974 Gatsby

thanks!

Well, no. Anyways it's a spoiler for everyone else who didn't read the book too. Could you please remove the comment?

I'm reading this in English right now and I'm loving it; I'm SO excited to see this movie now! :)

god damn it, I didn't finish the book

I freakin HATED having to read this book in high school, but this movie looks awesome!


WTF MAH NGA AMITAB BACHAN IN THIS

reading the great gatsby in english, the movie looks great. although i see leo as nick

spolier, leo plays james gatz... get it right guys :P


What is it rated?!?!?!?!??!?!?

The music won't be period correct, it'll have the type of music you heard in the trailer. That's Baz Luhrmann's style

Love is Blindness

In fact Daisy should be fucking stunning. That is impression you'll get if you read the book.

jay z & kanye west - no church in the wild ft . frank ocean

whats the name of the song at the very start!?

too bad we're not gonna see this at christmas

Leo could play any role and it would be amazing. I cant wait to see this film, I hope it rocks! Have you ever watched the version from 1974 with Robert Redford and Mia Farrow? I havent seen it since I was in high school, but I am getting it from the library. I cant wait to re-watch it. If you havent seen it you need to check it out! Let me know what you think. 

whoops

lol every time i see toby, i see spider man

because toby Mcquire is

you are a bloody bitch if you disliked this trailer

I love the book but if you cut out all the description it would be about 5 pages long.

the trailer just makes me want to cry... with its perfection.

Great song.

I would recommend it. It is a great book.

Because he's too busy being a bad ass in looper

yes man read it!

I know, I  just mean that in my mind I picture the character of Nick being portrayed by Leonardo rather then Toby. In fact to me Toby shouldn't be in the movie. Just the way I picture it in my head. I just finished reading the book then watched this trailer and to me the characters didn't fit exactly. Just my opinion. =) 

just realized in the 1974 version geroge wilson was played by scott wilson aka hershal from walking dead! awesome. 

this trailer looks great, just hope they have actual 20's music in the actual film

I agree with this comment so much... Very clever idea, it just does not do it for me. Nothing much, really happens in the novel. The movie does in fact look pretty good though in my opinion.

Reading the book for school now and damn, this looks perfect

Bring on the beautiful, Deco inspired fashions that will surely come from this!


Hate this book...
So stupid...

I see Leo playing Nick.

why the HELL in 3D!?

Always had a man crush on Leo not gonna front about it...

OH,YEAH, forgot to add. PERFECT MOTHER FUCKING BOOK.

Tobey Maguire and Leonardo Di Caprio. WHAT ARE YOU THINKING MAN? Perfect fucking combination :) Perfect mother fucking movie. Cannot wait x #2013

Everything about this looks AWESOME! Except DiCaprio as Gatsby. I mean, I love Leo....but Gatsby is meant to be young, unknown. and mysterious.

Random quotes will do no justification nor will they argue/contribute in any way to my stated point - Me. 

Love is blindness- Jack White

certainly not as spiderman


What is the song at the end?

Luhrmann? Fuck, not this guy again... 

This link here is fake it gave a medium threat to my computer and norton detected it!

I love Baz Lurhmann and this book. I'm stoked for the movie (:

Gotta be honest,that's the fakest New York city line I've seen. The matte painting backgrounds in Newsys looked more realistic that this...

The actors are perfect! Totally as I imaged'em when I've read the book

2013* :(

When is it released?

jack white is perfect for this trailer. 

Love the book

Leonardo (gatsby) gets shot and dies in the end spoiler alert

Toby McGuires back!!!!!!!!!!

Read the book, and always imagined it to be much darker than it seems in the trailer. Yea, but I could totally see Tobey as Nick.

Jack white brought me here...

Always viewed Nick as Toby McGuire. Dunno why.

@sknygdm That's true, it was quite hard to find. I just watched it here: bit.ly/QK3obe?=aftfifo
Wow its such a good movie, way better than I thought it would be! 10/10!

why is Joseph Gordon Levitt not Nick?

I thought exactly the same thing! I even replayed it...he looks so incredibly young! It felt like a Titanic flashback.
I can't wait to watch this movie, looks very close to the book and it seems to have kept the same strange atmosphere.

in 1:22 he looks soo young!

funny, I always Imagined this book to a Jack White song

Anyone know the name of the second song?

imo Carrey muligan has a natural 1920s vibe and look about her,

could use some hotter actresses 

The music? Um wrong type of music for this movie. Please tell me this isn't the music in the actually movie. 

yeah, you might be right, you've seen what they've done to hunters s thompsons 'rum diaries'? hollywood is a schmuck 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

It is a U2 song though, isn't it?

not U2, but Jack White;)

??????????? ??? ??????, ?? ???-?? ? ?????? ??????????,??? ????????. ???? ?? ????????, ????? ???-?? ?? ?????? ? ???????????. 

reminds Me TOO much of it

Watch The Throne and U2? Hell yea

I can't wait to watch this movie,the book was soo interesting.

"No Church in the Wild" by Watch the Throne (Kanye and Jay-Z)

I'm incredibly excited for this film, although having read and studied GG, I worry how it will compare to the novel. It's one of those novels which is so rich in terms of description and text, and pretty light on the story line... I do think Luhrman will do a pretty good job though :3 

they know that if they've read the book, wouldn't they? but no need to spoil it for those who havent!

WHAT SONG IS PLAYING IN THE BEGINING OF THE TRAILER  !?!?!?!?!?!??

Um...So anyone can obviously take from the trailer a story of a wealthy, handsome man in love with a cool blonde during a time of party, swing, and hello, it's the 20s... Prohibition. It's not that difficult to understand what it might be about. Anyways, I'm sort of digging the modern spin on Art Deco design. I'm interested to see if it entertains well with the glitz and regality on the big screen as the original Great Gatsby really captured the essence of an era. I belonged in a time like this!

Reminds me so much of Moulin Rouge!!! 

I'm excited for this, even though I might be the only human who has read this book 5+ times.

O.K., that was a pretty weak move on Mr. Walsh's part... but come on man. It was written almost 90 years ago. I feel like the spoiler alert grace period on this one has ended.

On a completely separate note, Tobey Maguire as Nick? Really? Blegh.

Way to ruin it for the people who haven't read it you inconsiderate prick.

Never thought a Kanye and Jay-Z song would fit in a movie trailer about New York in the 1920s but it does oddly enough.

As i read this book, I envisioned Gatsby as being my man LEO...

The movie will be so confusing for those who haven't read the book...


Just finished reading the book. It's great! I expect that this movie will be as sexy as the book!

oh my sweet poor jack~

no church in the wild by kanye and jay

I'm obsessed with this trailer....damn I love that time era......

@eason048 no church in the wild

whats the songs name at the beginning?  

When is it out?

FITZGERALD WOULD BE PROUD!!! 

Nevermind that last comment herp-de-derp

What is the name of the second song?

Jack white <3 Love it.

We've been reading this book (well, we just finished it today) in my English class and it's very good! This movie looks excellent (and Gatby's house was BEAUTIFUL, kudos to the set designers), I want to see it when it comes out!

SO CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THIS ONE BIG TIME!!!!

Amitabh Bachchan Rocks 

Now I wish I had read the book.

hye! spider man is here!

LIES IT'S NOT COMING FOR CHRISTMAS

Daisy. lol

wait. is that jordan.. ?

I couldn't agree more, trailers aren't supposed to show too much. I'm not complaining about the amount of scenes shown in the trailer. I'm complaining about the lack of hability to create a good trailer, that doesn't show too much but, at the same time, gives you an idea of what the movie will be like, or AT LEAST what the movie is actually about. That is what the good editing and cutting is all about. And I think that this trailer just showed random scenes and dialogues in a pointless way

Seeing as this book is a classic, I'm sure the trailer wasn't intended to bring in new fans. Being that it is a classic, there should be a wide enough fan base (including myself) that will buy tickets to see this. We read this over the summer and may I say, my very passionate 11th grade English teacher makes this book so amazing. I'm sure she'll be glad to know that it's coming out near Christmas. (:

for someone that has read the book, such as myself, it shows everything it needs to without giving away what the story is about. if there's one thing i cannot stand, it's a trailer that tells you everything that happens in the movie and shows every scene worth seeing. being a fan of the book and the classic story it tells, i cannot wait to see this movie.

I dont mean to sound like your 9th grade english teacher but you really should read the book first lol


I'm not saying that this will be a bad movie or anything. I don't anything about it. BUT what I can tell is that this is one of the worst trailers I've ever seen in my entire life. Really, someone who doesn't know the story (like me) can't figure out what the hell is this all about. I couldn't understand shit, only that DiCaprio seems to be kind of kick ass or something. It doesn't make me want to buy tickets to watch it. Probably the movie will be nice, but this trailer #sucked

I love how all the comments are like "I hated the book because I had to read it for ______ class "
I read it for fun lol and i really liked it, and no, you don't have to be north american to understand north american literature.

i like how i am reading the book in english class and that they are remaking the movie this year

"I wish i'd done everything on earth with you"  2:16

There will never be another Mia Farrow...

GAtsby is a hair product!!! 

What's the song at toward the end? I know the first song is jayz/kanye/frank ocean

This adaptation is going to be absolutely stunning. I think Baz Luhrmann will honour the beauty of this story and really bring it to life.

surely you're illiterate 

0:11 - Who's driving the car? o_O

Thumps up for Amithabh Bachan


dumb comment is dumb! 

glad to see Mr BACHAN


worst comment ever


whats the beginning song?
its got an amazing beat

Thanks! Yeah, that's what I was thinking as well! Hopefully it'll be PG-13 so we can see it! :) Did you like the book?

Looks good.


1147 people have no idea what a good book is and what a hopefully good movie looks like.

The book made it very clear to portray images in symbolism to help make the story feel alive.  This movie looks to capture those ideas in the book in another way that has me very excited to see it

Yeah - that's the overlooked Big Huge Deal, here. The biggest star on the planet - almost unknown in the USA, naturally - and there he is, playing a Jewish gangster named Meyer Wolfsheim. Boy, at age 70, this might give his career the boost it needs (LOL!).

I hope this film isn't horrible!

Call down, Little Monster. You can start the giddy gurgling noises once it becomes a fact, okay? Don't wet yourself over a rumour - it's unseemly. Now, towel yourself down and Google "Amitabh Bachchan." 

You're welcome.

haha awesome...its amitabh bachan

I was looking for a hair wax and end it up here lol...movie looks amazing...DiCaprio always makes a fancy actor

I just finished the book toay, and depending on the way the director interpretes certain parts (without giving anything away) I think it should probably be PG-13. I don't watch R either, and so I really hope it's PG-13

dec django may gatsby and prob few months later the wolf of wall street !! Leo, take all my money :D

I've read this book four times and its amazing how I learn something new every time

One of the amazing things about The Great Gatsby is it is a work which can be handled a thousand different ways.  I actually have a book, Critical Theory Today, by Lois Tyson, which is an introduction to literary criticism, and each chapter analyzes The Great Gatsby in a different way.
I have had a professor who spent two class discussions analyzing The Great Gatsby as being about uprising wealth versus the old wealth.  Of course, he found the parties to be the most pivotal chapters of the book.

gaga will sing THE SOUNDTRACK in this movieeee :D OMG 

Does anyone know what this will be rated? I can't watch rated R movies, and I mean, I know that they haven't released it yet. So I guess what I'm asking is this: What do yall think it'll be rated? :)

They have it. Just take a look more carefully at the ending scenes

I'll be angry if they don't have the famous eye doctor billboard from the Valley of Ashes. I'm already mad that they moved the release date to May 2013.

I think it has something to do with the symbolism of the movie, since the plot is revolving around the excitement of the new generation as it was set in the 1920's, they use exciting new generation music of today to emphasize such traits. The Great Gatsby is a very symbolic novel, so I think the movie was made to be like that too. That's what I think, though.

Carey Mulligan suits the role, but I think Dianna Agron would've been a much better casting choice.

wow this looks great!

when is this released?


Because it's a Baz Luhrmann film. It's what he does. Look up or watch his adaptation of Romeo and Juliet or Moulin Rouge. It works.

The fucking music choice is shit, why are they playing that in a 1920s setting? It's going to really kill the feel of the movie 

The book takes a long time to read, the language is so old!

lol yeh i agree we're reading it in lit :) quite good i love the elaborate descriptions and the storyline is intersting :P

Since I finished the book for my English class, I now want to see this. Me and my friend have already said we are seeing this over winter break sometime since we both loved the book.

Oh, so you've seen it already. 

"OMG! That cup wasn't supposed to be on that side of the room, that's not how it was in the book! DAMN YOU BAZ LUHRMANN FOR RUINING IT ALREADY!" Seriously, people like that are annoying. Obviously no film will ever compare to its classic novel. I just wanna watch this and see how Baz portrayed his vision of The Great Gatsby. I love the book and I do believe this version will be 100x better than the 1974 version.

i don't like justin beber and leonardo dicaprio, they're everywhere, how v. i lenin..-:) 

2:06 "get the hell out of here!" 2:07 "k, no one will notice one missing bottle of champagne, right? "

I have a feeling that this is going to be really good, old sport.

now read that in Bane's voice


Im so glad im reading the book, because this looks great and that it is going to follow the book perfecly!!!! And it shows you how lavish gatsby is. *two thumbs up*

Fuck you !!


spoiler alert leonardo dies

I think you have to understand that this is Baz Luhrmann, the same genius that directed Romeo and Juliet, Moulin Rouge, and Australia... of course it's going to be different. Baz is an artist and anything he touches will have a controversial edge. I am disappointed it shows Daisy and Gatsby in bed, as well as other obvious things that did not happen in the text... however this looks very well done and I will be seeing it come May 2013!!
 

i loved the book, i must see this!!!!!

No church in the wild by kanye west jay z and frank ocean

Then its love is blindness by jack white 
Stop asking

WHAT IS THE SOUNDTRACK THIS PREVIEW!?!?!?!?!

Thanks! :D

Jack White - Love is Blindness

tobey maguire!

I should have a school field trip to see this movie since we are currently reading the book

seriously cant take tobey mcguire seriously as him playinh nick carraway

Wake up and smell the coffee. There is need for a new vision of timeless classics. I personally preferred the book to the 1974 version anyway. At least this doesn't look boring, academic. it looks fun, new, and shows how the story coudl take place at any point in time.

THE GREAT GATSBY!? which was also adapted into nintendo video games back at the 90s? greatgatsbygame(dot)com

How can anyone say they butchered it if it hasn't come out? I mean seriously  from what I have read of the book it's the same thing

You can see a bit of the scene I'm talking about at around 1:21 I'll say that, without as much spoilers as a I can, in the book the shirt throwing scene isn't the most important part or anything, but it just shows that Gatsby will use the wealth and objects he has at his disposal to impress Daisy. So to get that across he throws all his fancy pretty expensive shirts at her, it's a bit deeper then that without getting into a paragraph/spoilers but yeah, it's a notable scene.

what are the songs used here?

ahhh okay thanks :)

It was originally going to come out in December 2012, but got pushed back To May 2013

Hm, I see your point. But in my perspective, I had a very hard time understanding the book. I'm hoping that his will clear some things for me, but movies are never as good as the original book.

what is the song in the begining i know theres the no church in the wild but what is this version?


wait does this come out this year

You're silly. 

stfu..... write and direct your own rendition, and we'll critique it,

ARE YOU A GOOD PERSON? Have you ever told a lie? Yes or no. Have you ever stolen something? Yes or no. So if God judges you only on 2 of the Ten Commandments will you be innocent or guilty? Heaven or Hell? For God said, all liars and thieves cannot enter heaven but will goto hell. Does that concern you at all? But Jesus bore the sins of those who CONFESS and REPENT(turn from sin and turn to Jesus) and put their faith and trust in Him as there Lord and Savior shall have everlasting life. REPENT!!

...and Hollywood ruins another classic piece of literature... AGain.

Yo I heard you like trailers so I put a trailer on the trailer in a pre roll trailer for your trailer

Everybody must see this movie....but first you must read the book.

It is a lot more subtle than that. But back in grade 10 I'm sure that was about it.

Are you retarted?

It's "Love is Blindness" by U2

I don't know but I keep hearing the line "love is blindness".

I don't know, I kind of like it. It has that innocent feel to it. But what position am I in to speak? I just finished reading this book in class and barely understood it. I understand the basic plot line and that's about it.

I've always liked current music in period movies.  But the second song is better.

Well, this isn't the only remake that has been made from TGG.

I know, right.

I think this is the greatest movie trailer I've ever seen.

Why the fuck is this in 3D?


Am I the only one who prefers the song later on in the video? I don't even know what it is :(

Whats the name of the song playing?

Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

the song at the beginning:
jay z, kanye west, frank ocean-no church in the wild


Likes for Mr. Bachchan

BIOSHOCK !!!

i loved this book! obviously the movie portrays a wilder version, but it looks pretty good:)

Jack White's cover of Love is Blindness brought me here

hmm, at the end gatsby dies, nick commits suicide and daisy moves to africa

Wow haha even Dr. Eckleberg!

So much CGI. 

i think he is perfect for the role along with leo and joel. I just don't like the woman because they don't look as pretty as the ones from the 70s movie.. Hopefully their acting will make up for it.

No church in the wild 


whats the name of the song playing in the beginning of the trailer?

Love Is Blindness - Jack White...its a cover (good one) of a U2 song.

Song?

whats the song at the end of the trailer?

Looks good!

calm down.

no church in the wild. by kanye west (ft frank ocean)

OMGGGG I WS SOOO LOOKIN FWD TO THIS MOVIE.. THAN DJANGO UNCHAINED OF LEONARDOS... OMGGGGGG Y DID IT HAVE TO GET POSTPONED TO JUNE 2013?? URGGHGHGHHGGH I CAN'T WAIT THT LONG

I like the way they've mixed modern music and furniture with old-fashioned looks. I think it's gonna be a great movie. Can't wait till February.. why would they do this to us italians?!

I bet that they are going to milk the shirt throwing scene for the 3D. "Throw the shirts at the camera Leo! Throw all the shirts!"

No church in the wild - Kanye West and Jay. Z

I think we're in the same boat. Luckily I bought along a shield.

Wht is that song at the beginning?

Yawn. Readin the book was a pain in the ass. Why are they remaking the movie? hollywood running out of ideas.

How was Oxford, old sport?

looks so great

Love is Blindness by U2 sung by Jack White, though. 

I don't like Toby's voice as Nick. Sounds forced. *waits for the youtube comment attacks*

Old money vs new money? Yee 10th grade English

Super psyched to watch this!

This film looks fantastic, can't wait to see it!!

My English class just finished reading this book and my teacher showed us this trailer today in class. It looks fantastic; I especially look forward to seeing DiCaprio pull of the role of Gatsby (which I have complete faith in). My teacher is also organizing a field trip so we can see this movie in theaters when it comes out! I'm so excited!

i don't think its trying to. being baz lurrhman its probably alot more dramatised, personally i dont think tobey maguire is good casting

what is the name of that song?

Leo will be a perfect Gatsby! 

LOOKS HAMAZXING!! Hits the spot of naive, extrangavance, of loose morale with no idea of the conciquence. of cheap thrill and a hollow emptyness

Amitabh Bachchan  ...  Meyer Wolfsheim  

This is brilliant. Leo is incredible.

what are people's favorite quotes in the book? 

Yay this movie comes out on my birthday!

I hope it has the spirit of moulin rouge, but without getting too weird.

2:05 creepy as fuck

Oh my God Oh my God Amitabh Bachchan is in this movie. Not going to lie, this is they only reason I am excited about this movie. 

What song is this?

No church in the wild

i agree wats the name of the song?

Carrey Mulligan looks like shes going to cry even when shes smiling. 

I'm reading the book right now, it's really good.

who  are  u? im  a  twat?  i believe  i watched  the  trailer or  i wouldnt  be  here  writting  that  i dont like  the way the movie  sees , but it  seems  like  a  shouldnt  cuz  u all  are very intense  sending lots of stupid  comments.

You should learn how to speak english before commenting, because you sound like an idiot. 

Stop being a twat and either watch the trailer or leave the page

you simply don't hit replay button on a trailer,but this!

by the way  what  a shitty  music  is that? its like  to  watch  benjamin  button  with brad pitt , no , definitely dont like that , that my friend, doesnt  captures the  roaring 20s.


and  dicarpio  did it?  he  is the good  one?  well  i got  to  say  that  i have my own  opinions   and  dont like  titanic  trash
i prefer  good  films.

you didn't realize that until after you saw it.  

I couldn't pay attention to the movie, the music is so awesome!!! "Love is Blindness" \o/

Love is Blindness - Jack White (U2 cover)

I couldn't pay atention to the movie... the music is so awesome!!!

Wow he portrayed Gatsby's smile like i imagined it. hopefully the movie is just as good. 

You clearly have no idea what you're talking about; the Redford version was awful. It got horrible reviews (38% on Rotten Tomatoes). Very boring and did nothing to capture the mood of the book. 

I have no idea how good this new one will be, but it couldn't be any worse, and DiCaprio always chooses good projects. 

what  a shit , it  was  way better  the old  gatsby  with robert  redford ,  im  sure  mr  fitzgerald  is spining in his  grave right  now. 

 

love is blinding jack white

Does anyone know the song at 0:58?

Christ Almighty. I can do a better job at Nick Carroway than Toby MacGuire. Unliked him - as it appears - I've read the book a few times.

why not? did you see moulin rouge? 

Mr. Gatsby, it's a real honor. You sir, are a gentleman and a scholar.

OMG CAN'T WAIT!!! gonna be awesome


I can't wait til the movie comes out!

Jay Gatsby! You're still alive?

Leo always does the same thing is every movie- The pensive serious eyebrows where he gets that line in between his eyes like at 0:55. It's his trademark like De Niro's fish mouth

@Bulletime09 1. It's Jay-Z & Kanye West 2. It's an excellent song about decadnce & power, so it's completey relevant.

I reloaded the page twice so i could like this comment twice.

I get chills from this trailer!! can't wait to see it :o - and if Leo Dicaprio is gonna nail it in this movie; he might be close to his first Oscar win? - come on he has deserved an Oscar over the years.. if Jamie Foxx wasn't nominated the same year for him playing in Ray and Leo playing in The Aviator, Leo would defiantly have won the Oscar!

I wish my bro hadn't told me how it ends, hes read the book

LIES. this isn't out at christmas, its out may '13 :( !!

why is there an apple logo in the right down corner

yes but what's the plot?

omg just fininshed reading the book!!! 
i loved the book and hope this movie would be as good.

I'm the light, blinking at the end of the road; blink back to let me know. 

 they put the most emotionally pivoting scenes of the book in this trailer !

omg, this is exactly how I imagined the scenes while reading the book. 

read the book

oh wow! you wouldn't believe but i totally imagined the parties to be like that! it's perfect!

Iam so excited for this movie 

Vincent Chase - The Great Gatsby 

2:06

0_0

Sweet Jesus, anyone know where I can buy one of those?

This is my English summer assignment =_= What the heck? By the way I hate Dezzy  so much, is all about the money...

the little apple in the bottom rights only says that this trailer is taken from trailers.apple.com ...

Anyone notice this trailer was made on a mac? 

The little apple in the bottom right!????????

Would've thought that the producers used some other editing or finalizing software to make a movie trailer...

You were right. This should be in 4D with smell/odor...

I am soooo going to watch this! :)

because every movie is better in 3D it enhances the greatness bro, hahahah just kidding truth because hollywood wishes to distract us with 3d hoping we won't notice they ran out of ideas = movie remakes.

who knows,they make anything 3d these days


Maybe because it enhances Gatsby's "universe of ineffable gaudiness." You can see from the very beginning of the trailer that they are promoting the idea of an over-the-top universe with saturated and vibrant colors.


God I love those bobbed haircuts and their swishy flapper dresses!

great... it's baz luhrmann. I'll keep my hopes down

@MegaOskar9 Love is Blindness by U2 but this is a cover by Jack White

What is the name of the song from 1.11 ?


Everything in that movie looks cgi

He can still pass for 25 so I wish the producers would pick him.

No 20s music? Just kanye west autotune shit?

Almost accurate. I'm sure I didn't have those female dancers at my parties.

The song explores decadence and self indulgence, which is another main theme in the book. I highly doubt they used it randomly as a song choice, considering 'Love is blindness' was used in the second half which is very relevant to the book. And yeah its not really a class difference, but the differences between old and new money are significant in the book which is what I was trying to get across. The director has obviously shown a lot of attention to detail in the trailer so it isn't surprising

Also I wouldn't necessarily call it a class difference. The people in West Egg are no less rich, priveleged or powerful than those in East Egg. There is a difference between 'Old Money' and 'New Money' but I'm not sure I'd call it a class difference. 

Oh, Carey Mulligan. I love you.

It's "Human beings IN a mob" not "Human being to the mob". He then goes on to illustrate "What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a god?" ie: the god is supposedly the highest form of being but "What's a god to a non believer?" ergo non believers will pay no heed to 'higher authorities' or 'divine beings' but enjoy a hedonistic lifestyle. Hence the title 'No Church in the Wild'. I don't think that song has anything to do with the class differences between East and West egg. Just sayin'.

really upset this isnt coming out til mid 2013:( hopefully leo will get an oscar nod and hopefully a win, he so deserves it!

Sir, I could not more agree.

Ugh. I wish Nick Carraway wasn't played by Tobey Maguire......

As a literature nerd, I have to say Leo always impressed me because he was the type of man who had read the Great Gatsby four times.  Kudos to whoever gets that obscure reference.

Leo as gatsby...i can see that

I understand that the song may be fitting in that sense, it is just a little bit weird seeing them dance to music which is obviously not around in their era.  I understand what you mean though

wow

I'm reading this right now :D

you know, I absolutely love the book, but I'm excited to see a new and more dramatized version of the story. I believe that one can enjoy a movie rendition of a book, regardless of what has been changed, if one chooses to enjoy it for what it is - a cutting commentary on society. I think that if you expect the movie to be a perfect copy of the book, you will find yourself very bored and unsatisfied. I for one am incredibly excited.

No Church In The Wild by Kanye west is almost perfect. It explores decadence, which is the main theme of the movie, and the 1920's in general - it even uses appropriate lyrics. "I stand by you, walk through the fire" "Your love is my scripture" which reflects Gatsby's blind love for Daisy. "Human being to the mob" which in the context to the song portrays the class differences between the west and east egg. The Jazz which was popular in the 1920's is the equivalent of our current 'Party Music'. 

Does anybody who has read the book feel the same in the sense you think a movie will never give the book the honor it deserves, not even with these great actors.

Well then..... Thank you!  That was quick haha

I CANT FUCKING WAIT!!!

Jack White - Love Is Blindness (U2 Cover)


WHAT is that song throughout the second half of the trailer????  :)

Hah, can't top Redford. 

why the hell would a movie like this need 3d?

The book was really good )))

I CANT WAIT

Who'd they get to play the guy who owns the garage? DiCaprio and Maguire might MAKE the film, but it's the garage owner who ends it.


Amazed a kanye west song got into a piece of great american literature

Daisy you bitch!!!!! You dirty slut. I hate i hate ger so much. Im never getting married to a rich bitch

After watching this for the 7th time, I'm finally starting to see Carey Mulligan as attractive enough to play Daisy....

i don't expect anything. i don't watch baz luhrmann films.

I had read shutter island and dicaprio/scorsese change my problem with films make on books....

god, i fucking hate Daisy!!!! whatta bitch!!! but seriosly cant wait to see this movie:D


trayvon jasiri x

their parties may be bigger at the time but their girls dont show as much body parts as they do now :D

the song was great


AMITABH!!!!

i'm so pumped for this movie, i just hope it lives to high expectations for this movie

BACHHAN <3

i just realized there is an apple trademark on the bottom right corner   

Did any1 else type in trailer?

are you kidding hes too old for the part

amitabh bachhan :D


I can't wait!!!!

I hope the fact that he starred in this part love story of a movie means he'll consider starring in something like Fifty Shades of Gray.  He would be perfect for that.

leonardo dicaprio <3_<3

The party scene looks fucking badass. Toby McGuire is a perfect fit for nick.

Great use of No Church in the Wild

leo <3

This looks legit

it's a baz luhrmann film, what the fuck do you expect?

leonardo DiCaprio is made for this part.

The jay z kanye song in trailer ruins the setting of this classic novel.

Although I don't stand for outright spoiling something for someone, I do think we owe it to ourselves to take into account the 'Darth Vader is Luke's Father' account. Where once something is old enough, spoiler warnings tend to go out the window, right or wrong, that's the kind of society we live in. For instance, I still have never read "The Death of a Salesman" (although I have some good guesses for the ending) Therefore if a movie came out about it I wanted to see, I would avoid the comments.

I have hope for this! I don't really understand why it has to be in 3-D, BUT Leonardo DiCaprio is a great choice for Gatsby. Daisy and Nick look great too. The scenery, Gatsby's massive parties, all look great. The director.....ehhhhh idk but please be good.

Wow i took a test of this novel today and theres a movie comin why the movie couldnt come sooner

personally i think they chose just the right people to play the characters. i find it really offensive that people detest a film because it doesn't have the characters to wanted. well fuck you... its up to the director. its like saying they chose the fucking wrong hight horse for war horse (film) fuck people
 and there contrived thoughts. 

Im sure he was already born in 1925

why does this need to be in 3D?

tobie mcguire as nick carraway, a soundtrack of autotuned hiphop and shitty acoustic indie rock in the background. are you fucking kidding me?

that tv show GATSBY fuckt the name of this movie killed it for me 

MTV movie award's Best Kiss Winner, Tobey Maguire

I smell an Oscar for Dicaprio...I hope so..

Awww :( That sucks... but since it's three days befor emy 18th birthday... I can' complain. ;)

:) This looks amazing. I like that he used over produced 21st century music.. shallow and no substance (all though I LOVE the last song). It fits the 20's perfectly. 

If it's anything like the novel i'm seriously looking forward to this film. I think Tobey and Leonardo will be perfect in their roles. I'm also interested to see how Isla Fisher and Joel Edgerton will do as Tom and Myrtle Wilson. The film seems to look like an instant classic of the 21st century.

love is blindness jack white (by U2)

At least he's not Sean Bean.

Song?

I read the book at school so i might as well watch the movie.

I bum cats

I was reading the book for school purposes. My teacher spoiled me. Still read the book. #motivation

omfg omfg ofmg i just bought this book :o
NOW I MUST READ IT BEFORE THIS FILM COMES OUT >:O
BRB

This not a good trailer. It seems as though it's wrongly focused. The monologue at the beginning is an absolute rip-off of the beautiful and lyrical and magical writing style of Fitzgerald in The Great Gatsby. I feel no sense of Fitzgerald's genius here. Just Baz. Leo is the perfect Gatsby though. Toby is not Nick. Whoever plays Daisy is not Daisy in the slightest, she's too innocent looking. The Great Gatsby is my favourite piece of literature and if Baz makes a hames of it I will cry..haha

Luhrmann might actually pull this off... this is a fantastic trailer

Baz destroying yet again another project with his sequin-blinded, feather boa choked approach that is only vomit-inducing at this stage. It seems like he cannot contain his overwhelming gayness and throws it up all over his movies. He is not even fit to direct soaps in my opinion. 

Google it. But since you said please: 

No Church In The Wild by Kanye West
and
Love Is Blindness - Jack White

this is my favorite book
i'm excited 

umm song please!


I was at like the same point. It's like you have hope for them to be together, and then you look at the trailer and see that comment. Finished the book now, downloaded the old movie and can't wait for this one. :D

Maybe I should freeze myself like cartman until it shows.

Please hurry!!!!!! I CANNOT WAIT.

i want to see it!!!!!!! that's so legend

Not true, the person you are speaking to has been able to read for 90 years, which would mean he was at least 95...which is unlikely. Not impossible, but unlikely.

Release postponed to May 10th.

Boo that.  I trust Baz, though.

I must say that I agree, but hey it seems that its gonna be a pretty good movie.

Aweful choice of actors.... completely ruined my picture of the book. The choice for Daisy especially as well as Nick is bad. DiCaprio as Gatsby is OK....now this is just my opinion

I am solely going off  the 74 movie with Redford I think Coppola did a wonderful job interestigly enough only won  for Best Costume Design and Music, Farrow was indeed good but believe her best performance was on Rosemary's baby. I actually did like Romeo + Juliet Baz is a good Director and Leonardo has evolved into a very good actor .. I am just one of the people that thinks re-makes should not be done of classics they are usualy never as good as the original Imagine a re-make 

this movie looks BEAUTIFUL

This movie looks way more interesting than the book. I almost clawed my eyes out having to read this book. The only interesting parts were chapters 7-9. The book is terrible but I actually really want to see this movie! I don't really like Tobey Maguire, because I've only seen him be terribly awkward in the Spiderman movies, but he seems like he's going to be a great Nick Carraway!

RAPE

oh god you're right!

the best choice for characters a movie has made 

Just don't spoil the ending for me almost done:P

Oh Leonardo:-) I love you...Baz Luhrmann makes great movies!

Redford isnt what you really picture when you read the book tho (Farrow was good, this Daisy looks similar too),  and Brad Pitt certainly isnt.  I take it you havent seen other Luhrmann films,  he's actually really skilled at combining old stories with new media without totally ruining the integrity of the story.

im lost in yu (Leo)

THE CAST is so  in line with book !

leonardo was the best actor in the world. he had made a lot of character. he was very talented. always love yu, leo :* 

Brad Pitt would had made a better gatsby he better actor and looks more like Redford. and whats up with the anachronistic music?? looks like a weird lady gaga version of a re-.make.

have you read the whole entire bible?

Loved this book, so exciting

Perfect music to go with it.

I really like the music choice. I'm so excited to see this!

hell yes i agree with u!!! thy bettr at least keep it jass!!!!! like it was in the 20,s!!!

The book was published in 1925. You have had approximately 90 years to read the book....how bout that?

I actually think Tobey Maguire will be perfect as Nick Carraway. 

Hahahahahaha, so true.

come on a big THUMBS UP for BIG B !!

I know its you!!! I FOUND YEW!!!!!!!!!!!!

If there is any modern music in the movie I'm walking out of the theater. The film better have all Jazz

wow no church in the wild

If you don't know the ending you need to read or you can't read. You should be ashamed.

I was initially disgusted by the choice of director and this trailer, an Aussie taking on America's greatest book? Why? But then I watched his version of Romeo and Juliet again and I read Fitzgerald's book again, with its evocative and impossibly perfect language and I realise that Luhrmann is the perfect choice. That DiCaprio & Mulligan are cast to perfection, but what is unforgivable is Maguire. Spiderman 3 was repulsive and his voice is now the anthesis of elegance - anti Nick-anti Fitzgerald

the book was so good and the movie from the 70s


Does Tobey Maguire have gay sex too?

what is the song in the beginning?

Having just finished the book I am extremely excited for this. It definitely looks different from the way I pictured everything in my mind but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Super excited!

Way to spoil the ending shithead. 

Why the heck would you tell them this!!!! They dont need to know this now!


Currently Reading it! lol

i was really hoping it came out during Christmas ...seeing this and The Hobbit would be mindblowing 

whaaaaaaaaaat?

(ran out again my goodness I need to learn to shorten responses) Honestly, when I was reading the book a friend told me the exact same spoiler, but you know what? It didn't even cover half of what the book was, and having that small knowledge didn't really change anything for me. There's a lot happening in this book (well in this case movie) so something like this really wouldn't ruin the whole deal, if it's any consolation at all to you.

(ran out of space in the last one) I'm just saying..you need to be careful when you  the comments because obviously people have read the book. It's the same as with things like the Harry Potter series, it was huge enough that many ppl assumed that you read it so they just..talked. Now i'm not saying spoiling everything is right, I hate spoilers too, but I can't tell ppl to shut up about it just bc i'm behind. I just need to be more careful myself when I look into things like this.

Sorry I articulated that wrong, let me amend: The assumption is that even if you haven't read the book yet, you'll understand that the many people who have will be talking about it in the comments.I'm not saying "Yeah! Let's go spoil the whole story line!" (which hasn't happened yet tbh) but at the same time the book did come out a long time ago, so it's hard to say "You still can't talk about any of it.Shh 87 year old spoilers!!" you know?

The assumption is that if you're watching this trailer  then you've completed the book? That's the most ridiculous assumption I've ever heard. This is a channel called MovieClipsComingSoon, most people who see this will have simply clicked on it because they are subscribed to the channel, making up reasons to justify spoling the film doesn't make it right.

what's the name of the song ant the beginning??

everybody knows he dies.... well if you read the book

Toby Stephens was an amazingg Gatsby as well :)

This movie looks like it's going to be brilliant!! And by the way people: this book has been out long enough that I think that others shouldn't be required to say "spoiler alert" before saying anything about this book. The assumption is that if you're watching this trailer then you've completed the book. If you're not done the book yet (or you're interested in reading it) & don't want spoilers, then I suggest you hold off on watching the trailer, because the trailer itself has spoiling clips.

2:08... is dat myrtle? she looks like a man

I just started reading this book and I love it so far. This may sound lame since I know so much of reading is imagination, but now I just see Leonardo DiCaprio as Gatsby when I read it.

I'm reading the book right now and just got to the part when Gatsby sees Daisy for the first time in years. Thanks a lot.

DAFUQ spoiler alert.

You are...thick...

He couldn't have survived. In the book he died so he had to in the movie. the same with romeo and Juliet

joseph gordon levitt would be a much better choice for Nick Carraway 

@FenCheeks Gatsby was going to commit suicide either way.

who the hell is that?!

Mil!!

Is it really on automatic repeat?

YAY

The Great Gatsby YAY The Great Gatsby YAY The Great Gatsby YAY.... Soon to be Oscar film of the year :)

wait, i have to watch a commercial to watch a commercial? WUT IZ DIS NOISE!?!?!?

the green light in the last shot!!! such brilliant attention to detail!!!!

Where's Nucky Thompson?

No church in the wild - Jay Z
Love is blindess - jack white 


THAT MOTHERFUCKER WHO EXTENDED THE PREMIER TO SUMMER NEXT YEAR!

wow thanks for the spoiler warning fuckhead

I remember studying this for my A-Levels. It looks pretty amazing, can't wait until it's out!

sb knows the name of the song in the trailer?

thought i was the only one :D

SORRY. jordan looks like alice, not daisy


the guy who plays nick is the old spiderman, leonardo de caprio is freakin hot, and daisy looks like alice from twilight.... AND THERES A ZEBRA IN THE POOL!!!!!

i want to c this... im reading the book now in class.

"drink was cheaper". i'm not trolling but it was during prohibition so drink would have gone up in value being sold by gangsters

The first song you’ll notice as the video begins is Kanye West and Jay-Z’s “No Church in the Wild,”  the second it’s Jack White, former frontman of the White Stripes, doing a cover of U2‘s “Love is Blindness,” from their seminal 1991 album, ‘Achtung Baby.’ 

what is the second song played?


And yet another movie where Leo DiCaprio dies when he could've easily avoided it

Hopefully, the trailer doesn't ruin the book.

could someone please tell me the names of the two songs in this trailer?? :D

spiderman

Oh, I see.
But sorry I mean, some Japanese students also read the book in Japan.
So I hope students in many countries read this in their youth.

I actually got shivers watching this trailer

leonardo dicaprio and tobey maquire ...best friends together :D

Most schools do. I'm glad they do though, its now one of my favorite books.

In response to the last person, if you're a looser, you are a looser with CLASS. ;3

I love every single bit about this... except DiCaprio. Not that I don't like him, he just doesn't quite look the part to me.
That could just be me though. Can't wait for the movie though!

Me too!  Perfect timing.   

I'm excited to see this, even if I wasn't a huge fan of the original or the book itself, but I want to see how Carey plays Daisy as well as Leonardo in the role of Gatsby. 

While ure waiting, i recommend you watch the original 1973 version; it's actually really good and follows the book almost word by word i believe. And the characters are great and believable as well. I hope the 2013 version will be great as well.

loser

@SwimmerCharli

really like how the movie looks, the visuals look great 

i seriously cannot wait to see this movie. i have watched the trailer so many times 

No church in the wild by Jay-Z and Kanye West

what is the beginning song???


please, i need that song!

Yeah, to me, it's a good memory our teacher made us read The Great Gatsby in English class.
I heard that the teacher makes students read it every year.

freaking hate daisy.

I'm doing my Research Book over this book. Has anyone read the book? We need 2 sources from critics talking about symbolism, anyone know any symbolism in the book?

They also had auto-tune in 1922.

They also had auto-tune in 1922. ;)

They also had auto-tune in 1922. ;)

They also had auto-tune in 1922. ;)

was there a zebra? in the water?

FAKE!!

i wouldn't call that great attention for detail, as its quiet a large part of the book.

WHA 
TARE SOUND TRACKS THAT KICKS OF THE TRALOR AMAZING SOUND

What an amazing cast! 

Look at Amitab Bachan sir.....too dashing.... @1.03

I should be studying right now but im in the library replaying this. 

Never in my life have I replayed a freakin trailer this many times ! HYSTERIA :D

This movie has been pushed back to Summer 2013....I am not happy...

Spydy is with the big shots now lol

How so? In what way would Buddy Holly or early Beatles be appropriate for the soundtrack. 

It's in 3D. Really.

Maybe techno was the wrong word to use haha
I just hope they don't have that kind of music in the actual movie

This film better have a jazz soundtrack

I AM SO EXCITED

holy shit logs i JUST noticed that, great detail indeed!

no church in the \/\/ild - jay z :)

what's music ? i love it..
 

Is there a worse living film director? Baz Luhrmann is like King Midas in reverse: everything he touches turns to shit.

Sometimes, I watch this trailer in order to piss myself off

I CAN'T WAITT!!!!! (:


I highly doubt it will. There have been plenty of movies that have kept to its root.. unlike their trailers....trailer is just to gain views and attention...

Yeah, but lets not sweat the small stuff. You either got the main point or you didn't. I've read the book and I don't want modern music playing over it. THen they might as well have someone with internet access in the movie, while texting at the same damn time.

you do realize that this movie was set like 10 years after World War I, which would be 1920s...

We're reading the book right now in English class! :)

No. Not really. 

What the fuck is this bullshit?

I'm not sure how to feel about this.

Wouldn't it be similarly anachronistic to use a 1940-1960s soundtrack for a film set in the 1920s?

I know, and i agree. But the music in the trailer is not techno ;)

that sucks.

haha I wish :)

@ lolmeggy44 hahaha I bet you got an A in AP lang!

It looks incredibly pretentious and pointless.  Just like the book.  Please don't bite my head off this is just my opinion. 

Really hope the entire soundtrack isn't that hip hop/electronic stuff.  This has a lot of potential- and Toby MAc is a good choice because the narrator of The Great Gatsby himself was a meek man. It's a pretty hard story to fuck up- and it's obvious that Hollyweird is running out of ideas real fast now that they're dipping into such old literature (again?)

Good cast though.  -Might- work...

What he is trying to say is, this type of setting deserves an old school 1940's to 60's soundtrack. Not a bunch of beats and rhytm like it's 2012.

this is so cool

does anyone know the mpaa rating?

Where is the techno music? lol. 

I don't know the first one but the second one is Love is Blindness (U2 cover)

the amount of symbolism I have already found is amazing, looks like it might live up to the book

@johnyzero2000 Nope. Asn Kevin Smith said

@fyoukim1 And his films suck!

The only problem with this film.is that Baz Luhrmann is directing unfortunately...

Oh my god, The green light!

The green light at the end of the trailer in the background shows great attention to detail.

Stupid producers pushed the release of this film to summer just to make more money...now gotta wait like 8 months longer

---___---

Somebody know the name of the second song?

All I ask is they not use 3D technology for this.  Baz didn't use that on 'Australia', so he shouldn't play with a great American story by putting it in 3D.  And I hope he realized that Fitzgerald's TGG characters weren't just creatures of the '20s but also very much creatures of the present.  Some even said they're composites of only two people he knew--himself and his wife, Zelda.

First song is No Church in the Wild by Jay-Z for those wondering for months like I was XD

ill see anything with Leonardo DiCaprio in it <3


Oh well, there goes another great piece of art made shit by Hollywood.
One awesome novel less to ruin. 

The book was so beautiful but I barely imagined they decor to look so vivid like the film has presented.
Either way, I cannot wait to see the film! I just hope it doesn't disappoint.

Ugh they need to hurry up I've read the the book triple times wishing for it to be a movie.-.- December come here already!

Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway is going to be fantastic, I have to say. Look how amazing he looks in the shot at 1:53. Really looking forward to this film.

He's an amazing director - that is no way questionable...but as every other director he does have "his style" and not everybody likes that of course:) And honestly, I hope he WILL focus on the "melodrama" more since those previous movie versions were following the book in every way but they FELT empty and boring to me(even though the actors were good)... Hopefully, will not make it a completely different story, we'll see... And yes, Tobey is just great for the role...whole cast is very good:)

Leonardo DiCaprio is a wimp. 

it's funny cause i just guessed that the director of Romeo + Juliet made this based on the look of the first 20 seconds... it's like that modern-but-sort-of-not-modern style

But can they play these roles like Mia And Robert

@OkapiVideo What he said.

I wonder if they'll show Nick having gay sex.

lol well put!

Bingo amigo!

I would beg to differ.  I would say it's more about Nick's false idolization of Gatsby, and his relation to Daisy.  Over time Gatsby falls from grace because of his obsession with Daisy, and is redeemed at the very end.  Nick is the only character that undergoes a change, and is the only relevant character in the end.  I don't want to give away too much, and my other points are spoiler filled, but hopefully you see what I'm saying.

Hmmm Australia was a major dissapointment and Luhrman thought he was infallible until it flopped. So if this film bombs then what, will Luhrman's directing career be over?

You always look so cool * inhale cigg * A man in a cool beautifull suit ,im always glad to see you again, letsa get down to business.

Fuck all y'all.  This is going to be awesome.

I think Carey Mulligan is beautiful here
 she's perfect for this role

Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby is a dream coming true!


hollywoodstar7.blogspot.com

great casting, but not sure about the execution, i love the book and want this movie to be great, but im afraid luhrmann is not the man to deliver...

Where`s vinny chase?

Mate... Shut up.

The song at the beginning is "No Church In The Wild" by Kanye West and Jay-Z. I'm not sure what the second one is, but I'm guessing it's something like "Love Is Blindness" or something

??? ??? ???? '_'

Just Wow .I've read the book and film is really interesting and so close to a book.Leonardo in role of Gatsby is the fantastic choice and the cast is chosen with a great taste.Honestly I imagined characters of this book in the same way they are presented in this film.I cant wait to see it ,THE GREAT FILM about GREAT GATSBY ^__^

well Toby did do spiderman 3.....everyones allowed one mistake :P

"Love is Blindness" by Jack White (cover)

...and still the trolls of youtube do not seem to understand that gay is not an insult.

The trailer looks great, lets just all wait to see the movie and then judge. I see so many details, that Lurhmann hasn't missed, plus the "Gatsby universe" certainly looks fancy and famishing with tha parties and the glam. I don't expect to see a quiet soiree instead of :)

I just read the book and from what i see so far this is pretty accurate... Looking forward! Hope I'm right :)

Good book, but I don't understand why they had to put this silly techno music in the trailer

It looks great, baz luhrmann is a genius!

I'm looking forward to it very much. I'm so excited for it.

Aww, you removed your other comment, I really liked it.  Anyway, if you can hear me, I totally agree with you.  Also, I don't think the movie will be bad necessarily, I'm sure it'll be a great movie, I'm just worried whether or not it will convey the right message.

I never denied that, that's exactly what the book is about; of course it conveys a deeper message.  However, the glorification of the parties, which is what I see in this trailer, is not what Fitzgerald had in mind at all, it was this excess that he hated, that tarnished the "American Dream". 

Its a trailer, dont start making assumptions to a movie that isnt even out yet. They probably showed the parties more because it appeals to the general public. wait for it to come out then judge it.

I love how some people can already see how Luhrmann missed the point of GG and made it all completely wrong  when the movie hasn't been even released YET. You cannot judge a movie by its ONE trailer. Baz Luhrmann is one amazing director, that's for sure and I don't see anything bad about changing few things a little bit to make the story feel new and even more interesting. It's not easy to make ppl WANT to see this OLD story again since there have already been few GG films...:) #justsaying

The love story on the surface, and all of the characters for that matter, are only proxies and symbols to convey the much larger themes of excess, lust, greed, and how the American Dream of the 1920's wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I am pretty sure this was Fitzgerald's goal, as he has said it was. For example, none of the main character's wealth comes as result of hard work, No one being happy despite their wealth, the butler, valley of ashes, etc. It is meant to be read critically.

Amitabh Bachachan :-)

vinnie chase already killed in this role 

I'm not disagreeing with you but this doesn't show the direction he's headed with the parties. He very well could focus too much on the parties but it could just be that the guy who made the trailer felt it would amp people to come watch the movie instead of putting the story in the trailer.

F*ck that Amitabh Bachchan looks like Al Pacino !!!!!!!

LOL! I thought i was about the Hairwax Gatsby xD phahhaha

Heard about this screening, how'd you manage to get tickets?

I would argue differently. His name in the title doesn't make him the main character. Gatsby does not undergo a change, he remains the same person throughout the book, it is Nick's perception of him and the world around him that changes. None of the characters except Nick undergo a metamorphosis, and the other characters either fall or are redeemed in his eyes. He paints the picture and lets you vicariously experience the world. Gatsby is the focus, but not necessarily the main character. 

t Leo, Carrie, and Tobey, all phenomenal actors and veterans in picking good scripts,
would all choose to be in a train wreck. I think this movie could be visually stunning AND keep the central themes of Gatsby. Regardless, wonderful performances will be given. I predict Oscar noms. I am super excited to see it!

@Elena Origlio I agree some movies that rely so much on being visually stunning that the plot is at best subpar. However, just because a movie is cinematically intriguing doesn't necessarily mean that the movie is a dud, and I know that there will be a plot (a very good one) considering it is Gatsby. I don't see anything in the trailer that screams out a dramatic difference from the book, just the modern music, but who knows, that could just be for the trailer. And I find it hard to believe tha

How could anyone who seriously loves this book think this movie / trailer looks great?!?!?
I'm so confused!?
This looks like an awful depiction of the story.
Way to over dramatized and glamorized.. too modern too flashy. 
Honestly I wish this wasn't being made. complete dishonor to fitzgerald and his masterpiece.

Omg this looks so good!!!  Must read the book!!

why did they add this pathetic music to the trailer?  american cinema lost the film/movie touch decades ago.

1:06 Didn't know Gatsby was an Aussie

I agree with you whole-heartily expect the bit about the main character not being Gatsby--His name is in the title. The story was a focus on the tainted love story between Jay and Daisy, among other motifs, themes,etc...Nick's purpose was to narrate the story. 

I have literally been waiting for this movie for what seems like an eternity. The music adds the perfect touch to a classic story. I have watched this over and over again in such anticipation. I am so excited to see the take upon this book, though it may be different, as in any movie, it looks to be great. Fingers crossed!

best trailer ever...

It's sad I won't be able to watch this until next summer. ): It's not Christmas anymore.):


yalls is crazy, ''love is blindneses'' is an amazing song. U2 ?


and although this is a great comment you clearly dont understand the point of a trailer. all he's trying to do is sell the movie. dont judge a movie by its trailer. wait for it to come out to decide whether he gets the book or not. sigh. 

It's a 2.5 minute trailer. If you judge Moulin Rouge the same way you'd never know there was a love story involved, and that movie's party sequence lasts all of 10 minutes at best. The trailer's going to focus on the spectacle, the backdrop, and is only a portion of the final product. I absolutely trust Baz to use said backdrop to underscore the deeper story, but the deeper story has to have someplace to come from. And seeing who he cast for the narrator, I think it'll be a good show. Trust.

Don't blink Daisy

tovictory7 thanks :)

More like educated guessing.  He's giving us what he wants us to see.  So far, I'll be honest, I like what I see, but it really doesn't ring true with the book.

I don't think the story is gonna be butchered. When Baz Luhrmann made Romeo and Juliet he didn't change the story. Sure he goes crazy with the visuals, but I don't think he likes to change the actual story.

You should read it again. The social commentary in the book is overwhelming!

Never assume that is were ignorance stems from.

He's a pivotal character, yes, but the main character, I would think, and others agree with me on this, is Nick.  And I don't think the parties are what the book is about at all, it's what happens when the parties aren't raging that reveals to both Nick and the reader, the true character of Gatsby, and it isn't the pomp and glitz that determines his fate or the fate of the rest of the cast, rather it is small, mundane, romantic events that tell the story.  I sighed to use up my character limit. 

Come on man...Regardless of what characters one reader feels "the book is about," it's apparent throughout the novel that Gatsby, as a character alone, plays an essential role. I would argue thee essential role even, as do his parties (the party dialogue seems to match too, btw). Also, yes, Nick's transformations and opinions seem to make up a lot of the book's content...but DAISY AND Nick as what the book is "about"...I don't think so...so why the hell did you sigh?

This must have been shot on 35mm, or better IMAX, but instead they used RED EPICS to make 3D. IDIOTS!

fuck this is gonna be epic..

leeooo

it's going to be released in December, just in time for the Oscars.

The first song is Kanye West "No Church in the Wild" and the main song is "Love is Blindness" by Jack White, which is a cover of a U2 song.

Does anyone know the songs in this trailer?

....is it just me, or is there a zebra at the party pool? at 0:18 

Very true, and Youtube's character limit prevented me from going on to say what you just said.  That being said, I'm still worried that he's not only marketing the movie at all movie goers, but is directing the entire movie at them.  Obviously you're right, I'm in no position to judge harshly, we'll see what happens, that's just my two cents. 

No, I haven't seen the movie, but the trailer is supposed to essentially be a quick summary of the movie.  The casting looks great, the cinematography also looks superb, but you can tell just by what's shown that it's very overdone.  That's the director's style.  I'm sure the movie will be a good movie, I'm just not sure it will be The Great Gatsby.

anyone else noticed apple logo bottom right ?


I love the music in the trailer by the Great Jack White. 

AHH! I can't wait to see it :)

Get 5 subs for free now !
bit ( dot ) ly/PGe6PT
(this is not trash !

Get 5 free subs now !
(This is not trash)
bit(dot)ly/PGe6PT

GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE! I'm not the only one who likes to hear Tobey scream, am I :P

All i know is, that is definitely the wrong guy they have cast as Tom.

You have a valid point, but that is a lot to judge based on a two and a half minute trailer. I think the plot of the movie will not be able to be accurately discussed until the full movie is released. A trailer is made to get people's attention. What gets the attention of people?  Parties and romance! It has to be marketed towards all movie goers, not just those who have read The Great Gatsby. Whether or not the parties and excess will be featured prominently in the film is yet to be seen.

Whether or not it's an accurate version of the book or not, I am interested in seeing Leo and his buddy, Spider-Man himself, Tobey Maguire, on screen together for the first time. It should be interesting for that alone.

2:06 I thought her was Katy Perry lol. By the way, they're gonna release this movie next Summer, why? This would steal the Oscars?! 

ommmmmg i loveee Leonardo Dicaprio!!! Such a good Gatsby! :)

But the book is about Nick's journey, and Daisy's fall from his graces.  The themes are derived from Gatsby's character, but they're seen through Nick's eyes.

I'm not being pretentious, these are problems that I see with what he's done, which have been pointed out by tons of other people in the comments.  If you've read the book, which hopefully you have, you'll see exactly what I'm talking about.

youtube is the wrong place to be pretentious, buddy.

no. i'm pretty certain that all the main themes revolve around gatsby's character.

This is a great trailer, no doubt in anyone's mind.  However, it shows that Baz completely missed the point of The Great Gatsby.  The parties are not the focus of the book, the excess, while present, is not glamorized, nor is it a pivotal part of the story. Instead it serves as a backdrop for a much more solemn, simple, organic story.  It's not a grand book, it's just really pure.  Furthermore, no doubt he's going to play Gatsby as the main character when the book is about Nick and Daisy. Sigh. 

What's with that song..? Ugh!

Leave it to Baz Luhrman to misinterpret and rape a classic. It's not the first time this has happened...

Just give Leo an oscar alreadyyyyy , haven't we suffered enough? lol xD

Romeo & Juliet - Revolutionary Road - Great Gatsby - Looks like we all have a fetish for DiCaprio teaching our kids literature in schools these days :P

"I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around."

the casting and art direction looks great (although the CGI seems a little unnecessary) but the music choice.... 

Much like Moulin Rouge, this movie will probably be a Guilty Pleasure.

I can't wait! I don't like the music in the trailer... It's too modern, but still, the book was great, the 1974 movie was good, and this movie looks epic! I hope I'm not let dow.

Both songs do not fit the style of music in that time but more relate to overall themes of the movies, and well are more popular to the crowd who hasn't read The Great Gatsby. 

I lol'd

I sort of wonder if you are trolling us with the whole "there is no symbolism" line, which is used throughout the book. I agree with the others and think you should reread the book because it is a very deep, and exciting book. It has a great twist to it and leaves you guessing throughout the whole story!

I agree somewhat what you are saying but I must say that so far it seems to be the closest and more interesting reenactment of The Great Gatsby as a movie to be made. I think after seeing the movie you will be more impressed. 

I think that having Leonardo DiCapero as Gatsby seems a perfect fit.

even the grey parts of this movie look colorful somehow... a lot of detail and work went into this... i want to see it provided the story itself hasn't been butchered beyond recognition. lmao

Accents...O.O

I Can't wait to see that movie!!! 

as incredible as it was, the book didn't show a great deal of drama or tension until close to the end so i agree. it wouldn't have made for a good movie if they hadn't over dramatized it

I'm not fond of this directors use of Pop Music culture, and I didn't like his version of Romeo + Juliet or Moulin Rouge, so I don't think this movie will do it for me.

Not every movie sticks to the book. I like that he's going to over dramatize it, make it extravagant and over the top. So far from what I see from the trailer, they are pretty much sticking to the book in plot and dialogue but it's Baz Lurhmann, he's going to make it great in visual. I'm excited :)

uncontrollably excited!

I love how he says: "The buildings were higher. The parties were bigger." Haha just a random thing, but the way he says "higher" and "bigger" are just awesome. I can't wait for the movie! I  read this book for English, so seeing the movie will be pretty cool! I love Leonardo DiCaprio 

It's SALLY SPARROW!!! 

fuck you toby. you're spiderman!!

Shit there are so many great movies coming out this year and I can't wait to see them all

You're not smart.

im sure they'll haul it back to jazz mode for the film. maybe that is the whole point of the film!

I think you should read the book again, there was plenty in it. Just because you didn't like it (which, obviously you didn't, so don't reply with some BS retort about how you actually loved it) or perhaps failed to read into it a bit farther, doesn't mean you have to simplify it so extremely. 

Another illuminati song? :)


Please tell me that this movie being being pushed back is a myth.!

Thats because its a trailer for the film, not the book. A film is never going to be 100% accurate to the book its based on.

fucking 20's were the shit


Great.  Now everyone is gonna want to have "Gatsby" parties instead of "Madmen" parties

Wrong director...


I feel like they tried to make this movie seem too epic.. In reality, Great Gatsby was sort of a lame book. The plot was shallow, and there was little to no symbolism. The entire book was like taking the Veblen book and adding characters. It was a story meant to give an example of high-society living, and that's what it did. It wasn't anything deep, it didn't have a complicated plot, and there was no ground-breaking discovery. It's a simple book and this trailer is unfitting.

1:55

old spider man

1:54 Don't be so quick to judge.

It does have the billboard... 1:55 

Fuck that, MUTHA FUCKIN LEO!!

I think this will be top movie when it will be released this ..This is very nice film and the actor was so very professional..

The one and only, Amitabh Bachchan!!! XD

Yes that is a good point, but I still do believe 3D today still is for a different genre.  I see what you're saying as the parties are really over-the-top and I guess that the 3D aspect would fit that, but all them fancy sfx in the movie already compensate for that.  And I think that I dont want to watch an adaptation for a novel in 3D.  I watch big explosions and fighting robots in 3D, not a movie with (hopefully) a deep story that comes from a classic.

So Classy.... So Cool... Just WOW!

Kayne West/Jay Z - No Church in the Wild
Jack White - Love is Blindness.

I just finished reading the book for the first time, it was great and it's a lot more interesting/fun now watching this trailer and putting the clips together with what I read. 
Plus the songs are amazing.

And what are the names of the songs ? :D


DiCaprio is 37 looks like he's in his early 30's and Gatsby is supposed to be about 32 so it actually fits very well.

Yeah... DiCaprio is old.....

The characters, setting, period and indeed novel are all about excess, glamour, spending money and generally doing things over the top - I think it's safe to say if they were around nowadays everything would be 3D. 3D also suits Baz Luhrmann's intensely visual style to an absolute T.

Wait they made this in 3D? What kind of shit is this?? 3D is for shallow action movies with no plot, not a cinematic adaptation of a classic novel! I would say that is very disrespectful.

I can't wait! I read the book :)

I heard that this has been pushed back to summer because the 3D aspect is being removed.  Maybe Baz realized it was a bad idea and disrespectful to Fitzgerald's great work.

AWESOME TRAILER!

Look forward to this movie :)

Leo is only 37, the same age as Redford was when he made the earlier TGG.  Gatsby is supposed to be 32, which makes James McAvoy or Ryan Gosling a better choice, but Leo doesn't look older than James or Ryan so I think he's a good choice.

Hmm, yeah I think that'd work pretty well.

WHAT hes a great actor and he will do great in the part.

thanks 

lol i never smoke hate it, mayb u keep smokin n they'll keep you "sane" for a while  Watch the new kanye video...n in 4 mnths dont b surprised to why @ .36 in this trailer not one eye was looking away from these "fire works", like they'd never seen fire works b4....thas all ima say cause i care too much but gbless!!

decline of great gatsby

decline

DECLINE

We are reading this book for AP English. The books, ugh. But the movie looks great.

is this by scott fitzgerald?

i cant believe they moved it to next summer:(

The book was great lets see what the movie can do!

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild...the intro song

whats the song


I'm saying based off of Luhrmanns previous work, the trailer wouldn't be too far off the mood of the film. It isn't just the way the trailer is made, the movie looks bad as well. It's one thing making a bad trailer of a good film, but this isnt the case

are you under the impression that I'm an American? and who said anything about who's smarter between Brits and Yanks? I, for one, think British people are smarter than American people, I was just saying you proved the opposite through your smug and stupid answers.
AND this is just shit commenting on Youtube, is not an English test, so fuck off, Grammar Nazi.

It don't necessarily have to be Jay-Z and Kanye. They took their sample from Redman ft Rocky Roc  - Sourdeezal. So if you happen to see Redman instead of the first named two, I hope you wont start ripping seats from the cinema floor. The song fitted awesomely I think.

This movie is gna be real important in symbolism especially when its set to release ppl keep ur eyes OPEN!!

WHY DOES THIS MOVIE LOOK SO AMAZING.


read the book?

Why cant we just all be homies and enjoy this wonderfully vivid HD trailer?

Also, after a full stop, the next word begins with a capital letter. At least I realised my misinterpretation of your previous comment. You on the other hand...

Let us not begin to debate who's smarter between Brits and Yanks. You never start a sentence with "and" by the way. ;)

I was talking about the actor not the character :)

I'll watch the movie because of Peter :)

This looks great, but im just a little iffy on the autotuned trailer for a 1920s themed classic novel...

Tobey Maguire cannot get rid his Peter Parker expression.....dork....

Leonardio has always great movies !

there was an original movie i watched it in english class last year it was perfect so was the book we read 

what original was better? the book??
and if you're talking about another movie made after "The Great Gatsby", and you're considering this one a remake, you're a stupid fucking asshole.
this is going to be epic, and nothing like those shit old movies.

1:08 everyone likes it when he smiles. :)

Favorite book of all time! Cannot wait to see this! The casting is PERFECT! Especially for Nick & Gatsby! Not sure about Miss Daisy yet, but we'll see come christmas. 

NO I DID NOT PICTURE NICK AS TOBY MCGUIRE!

why remake it the original was the best  i doubt it will be decent 

Yeah, I read the book. That song fits, first one doesn't. Saw Jack in june, he's great

Have you ever read the book.  "Love is blindness" is a perfect fit for Gatsby.  and IMHO jack white knocks it out of the park.

very nice 


Whats the second song's name??

They pushed the movie to summer 2013. :`(

i love the second song in this trailer! 


Have you you watched the 1974 version of The Great Gatsby with Robert Redford. Very good film. Hopefully this one is too.

SONG DOES NOT FIT

their music supervisor needs to be fired.  The trailor itself was good but No church in the wild and whatever the second song was...so No Church in the Wild worked for Safe House but CERTAINTLY not here

Does anyone know the other song?

I hope to fuck that there is no Kanye West and Jay-Z in this movie or I will pull a seat up from the floor of the theater and throw it at the projector room... god damn shitty music... Who in the name of god thought that those two fuck wit's shit should be in the trailer of a movie about the 1920's? What kind of sense does that make, and to be honest Jack White shouldn't be in it either, no matter if he's good or not.

im doing a whole bunch of stuff on this book right now and i cant help but watch this trailer over and over and over.. it looks so amazing!

This looks fucking amazing

Made in the 1920's

Based on the book

I'm watching this movie..I hope he gets an Oscar for this one...I don't care weather it's a good or bad movie...the guy has done so many good freaking movies...A great  actor of our time...give him  his props already...besides  he's sooo cute too ;-)

I heard this song in a dream

Love is Blindness- Jack White

Remake of the 70s

It makes sense based upon the motifs of the story

It was originally a book

It sounds like Steven Tyler...

That lack of other comments make me hesitate to point out that Spiderman is in this trailer.

See you in Dece- oh....

Ur lame

what a lame title


Gotta love people that assume everyone on the internet is American, frankly wrong. and please don't come back with a comeback along the lines of the fact you didn't make any assumptions when you obviously did.

cannot wait!


Leo has the grin!!

the best two actors are in this great movie


Leonardo dicaprio is still so sexy

3D??? Why, oh why! Maybe this will be the final nail in its coffin.

another great book ruined in a shitty fake phantasmagoria movie...you fuckin absurd directors stop being so fake cultural, it's ridiculous... damn!

Im not sure if this will be a good depiction of the book or a bad one

Peter Parker yes it's Tobey Macguire I haven't seen him in a movie since Spiderman 3 

finaly ours india's pride Mr. Amitabh Bhachan has entered in hollywood bigge
feeling very proud

When he's throwing the shirts, he looks so young and carefree. You can see a hint of Jack Dawson in him there.

I'm going to have to disagree and go with Catch-22 on this one.

Woah, Tobey is in this? Awesome!

i know he looks like jack, with wrinkles!! hoooooot

when d6es the great gasby come out?

Like if you live on Long Island

I'm French and I'm reading the Great Gatsby, it's spread worldwide, of course ( but not asked at school )
I don't understand why they changed the release date... it seems too long now

song from 0:05 to 0:35 pleas :)

I'm really glad Leonardo Dicaprio shaved his face omfg

I don't know about you guys.. but to me the original looks better.

how can they push the release date back when in the september issue of vogue magazine, they stated it is being released on christmas day? ugh i can't wait til summer '13!

I have. Im not including myself in that comment.

Go read it.

It's probably because The Great Gatsby is a required reading in most American schools. Now, I would speculate that this not the case in Australia. It is an American novel written by an American author about the American dream. That said, it is a famous novel and is known around the world but not as much I think.

im from the home of the great gatsby

I was really against this at first and the use of modern music but the more I think about this trailer, the more the idea grows on me.
If nothing else, this movie will be visually stunning.

So sad they pushed the release back to Summer next year :(

Jay-Z & Kanye West – No Church In the Wild (feat. Frank Ocean)

First song please?:D

ESTE HOMBRE ES PERFECTO!!! AMO A LEO DI!!! LO AMO!!! ES EL MEJOR ACTOR DE TODO EL MUNDO!!! EL MEJOR Y MAS HERMOSO!! UN DIVINO!
PEFECTO!!! ESPECTACULAR!!! 
I LOVE LEO DI...

damn I am excited for this

oh my godddddd yes

I hate that Daisy looks like a 14 year old...

Im pretty sure this book is taught in US schools. Thats why most of them would have heard or read about the American Classics. Nsw syllabus teaches more British, with Austen, Shakespeare, Stoker, Bronte etc. Although Huck Fin and a few others are in the syllabus.

I think that person is referring to reading it in high school. I'm an Australian high school student, and I haven't come across the novel. However, I'm only in year 11, so I may or may not see it later this year or in year 12. And if you read it in high school (as a studied novel), then it must depend on where you live.

I remember reading it, but I don't remember how it ends :O I guess that's sort of a good thing, since the movie will be less predictable for me :D 

how does being from australia affect in anyway whatsoever whether or not you have read this book? I'm from australia and I have read the book.

yessss

The worst way to start a trailer is with an auto-tuned whine

Tobey Maguire?! He does not fit the role.

wtf like 10 trailers alredy used no church in the wild

Im from Australia so I don't know shit about this movie or book. Cant wait to watch it though!

love the book, movie looks brilliant can't wait


As good as the book is, my favorite is stil Catcher in the Rye.  I wonder when they'll make a great film of that.

Oh gosh spiderman is in this movie.

Your High School teachers failed you if you don't know what's going to happen...Only THE best American novel in the 20th century...(The Sun Also Rises is a close second)

What is the song in the beginning?

no church in the wild - kanye west

Jack White brought me here

love is blindness-jack white

Bitch, it's time to stop with the snub and give Leo an Oscar!

I love DiCaprio and I swear I'm not gay! 

I was surprised too! Apparently it's HIM! :)

Dicaprio has the perfect Gatsby smile. 1:10.

This will introduce Gatsby to a whole new generation, can't wait to see Lurhman's version on the film!

yup....4 sure.... He sure looks & acts class

Amitabh bachchan

I sincerely hope they don't fuck this one up. 

thanks mate


First song: No Church in the Wild - Kanye West ft Jay Z
Second song: Love is Blindness - Jack White
(:

Please, please be good. Otherwise, classic adaptations may be doomed from Hollywood for good.

what is that song?!? 

no

Like with all Luhrmann films the viewer will have bombast and over exuberance rammed down their throats ad nauseum. Country New South Wales looks nothing like Up-State New York.

most epic shit i have seen in days


Like if you watching this trailor for Amitabh Bachchan

What? There's already been 4 Gatsby movies and none were in the 1990s. 

Great book.  Just read it again, third time over 30 years.  Noticed how F. Scott didn't use commas correctly.  Max Perkins must have been OK with this.  Still don't think this movie will be on par with Redford and Mia Farrow, circa 1972.

what about the 14 year olds who doesnt study it for english?

This is quite easily one of the best trailers i have ever seen. :)

I DON'T WANT TO FUCKING WAIT!

I'm going to Cartman, and freeze myself!

No Church in the Wild, by Jay-Z with Kanye West

Why 3D? Why?

Leo always looks so damned angry in his older age. 

this is the third great gatsby movie.one in the 1990s,2000 and now 2012.but i do think this will be the best amazing director

@kat dukes Um yes lol anyone could buy a car, have you even read the book?

yeah im like wat them black ppl doin in a car? poppin champagne! could we even buy cars back then? 

vintage times. autotune music..

spiderman meets jack
jack who paint rose naked, is that really lucky?

great gatsby a movie that has great main character that never leaves in his house without styling his hair


It's Jack White's cover of U2's "Love is Blindness"

I can not believe this has been delayed until Summer 2013. I mean for Christ sake.

No church in the wild


whats the name of song playing though out the trailer?

No Church In The Wild
Jay-Z / Kanye West

yolooentertainment(.)com is showing advanced screenings of the movie right now! THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLD ONE!!

0:34, I get chills whenever I hear that.

I have read the book, many times as I happen to be a fan of Scott.Fitzgerald, but while I may have read it, I'm sure not everyone who might considering watching this movie has. As such wouldn't it ruin the whole experience for those potential viewers if someone were to give away the ending? 
So quit being a sour fuck. 

can anyone please tell me what song it is one the beginning?

black people driving and partying at the beginning? Hollywood rewriting history again. 

Vincent Chase played Nick Carraway, genius.

i must say i didn't saw a bad movie where leonardo acted

Love is Blindness, by Jack White

what song 1:23?

I can't wait for this movie! I love the book and when i saw trailer at the cinema i started to scream :D

that awkward moment when a kanye west song is the opening of a trailer for a classic piece of american literature..

I remember reading the book in high school, loved it dearly. Not really excited about the movie but i hope it proves me wrong.

In a modern Gatsby their is no better choice than Leo.

the only gatsby is vincent chase


Looks amazing


We've worked our way back to the '20s in cinema, that's good. Now make a movie about Calvin Coolidge. Please.

hopefully this will let Leonardo finally win an oscar

OMG this is one of my favorite books and this movie looks like its gonna be AMAZING! Also, Jack White -3 one of my favorite songs. LOVE IS BLINDNESS!

shit this looks so awesome...i love everybody...im gonna cum loads tonight

Where the hell is Vince??

SONGS: "No Church in the Wild" - Kanye, Jay-z, Frank Ocean. "Love is Blindness" - Jack White.

they moved the movie back to Summer of 2013, you'll be waiting for a while

WHAT. 

Don't scroll down lest dipshits spoil the story for you

Cant wait for this movie!!!

LEO DIES AT THE END

looks awesome!


my bad, thought you said "what is". as to why, no fucking idea.

but why?

I have to see it because I was forced to read the book last year in English.

No Church In The Wild, kanye  and jay z

where's takeru?

whats with the music at the beggining?

Love is Blindless by Jack White

Love is Blindless by Jack White

BEWARE SPOILERS DOWN BELOW. 

I know, but for people who haven't read the book yet and are excited for the movie, its a drag to watch the trailer and then scroll down an inch and get it all spoiled. 

what id the song that is almost at the end?


well another movie that leo dies in the end :'( ive seen the orginal movie

what is the song towards the end


Not really spoiling if youve already read the book.

I meant tom buchanan.fuck.I have not read this book in a while.It's not my fault.

Sucks that the release date for this has been moved to summer 2013

Haha all the trailer thumbnails have Leonardo DiCaprio making that silly face

how did you even spot that, lol

looks like someone didn't do their sophmore english reading assignment. 

no church in the wild, by kanye west

its kanye west
something with church or whatever its called


i have to say that putting Baz Luhrman at the helm was an obvious mistake. He's consistently a style over substance director who is over-syrupy and and can't use any form of subtlety to save his life. While the movies cast is good, Luhrman's direction and screenwriting will most likely lead to film to ruin. Which is a shame considering the book is mainly story driven; i wish they could have put a better director/screenwriter at the helm. 

Naw man, I think Sam Jackson would be better

That's not even right. Obviously by trying to spoil it you don't appreciate great literature, so go read fake romances like Twilight and 50 Shades of Grey

Go back to reading Twilight kid.

maybe if you read the book you would know that is incorrect! hehe

2:06 Tobey Maguire to Andrew Garfield when he realised that he was replaced

Peter Parker Is That You !?!


85 year old spoiler alert:GATSBY GETS KILLED IN THE END BY HIS MISTRESS'S HUSBAND.

read the book then watch this trailor... everything will make sense

are you kidding me the book was great

The song in the beginning is No Church In The Wild by Jay Z! 

There wasn't autotune in the 20s.


"I'm certainly glad to see you again since I killed our kids in Shutter Island" 

you know when you rewatch the trailer after rereading the book and um where do all these scenes happen omg it looks so dramatic 

Do I smell an Oscar?

good cast, good trailer, good plot -->watchlist check

the music,actors and basically everything fitted very well. THE BEST never seen a better trailer

yeah u know they rebooted spiderman i meant whey the hell did they cancel spiderman 4 and rebooted it,  i hate the fact that they rebooted it....   :(


This movie looks good

I love Tobey Maguire. <3

This looks like it will be one of those rare occaions where the movie is as good as its book

I'm really uncertain on how good the film looks. It's definitely a unique take on the book, with effects that really captures the spirit of the writing. Hopefully, it turns out to be great.

Oh how I wish I could have lived in the 1920's...

@Gunyoro i dont see it

@Gunyoro

sap fegets, dis movi vil cum ot jestrdai
spoodermin sed su.. nau fak of

Sad that it was pushed back to 2013... It has so much potential for best picture...

actually it has been pushed back to 2013, i know it sucks

ahh.. so that's why how great are their hairs! lol gatsby! gonna watch this soon!

No church in the wild- j-zay ft. Kanye West &Frank Ocean

song is 'Love is blindness - Jack White'

HELL YES !


what is name of the first song?

2013 boo why?

I am so excited for this. 

Did everyone else noticed the apple logo at the right low corner

Thumbs up if u knew Great Gatsby before this movie :D

hey look its the real spider man!!! lolz

the last song in the trailer: Jack White - Love is Blindness, A cover of Old U2's Song.....

Jack White - Love Is Blindness 
For those who didn't found it already :)

Say what?!?!?

Definitely going to go see this movie. Leonardo Dicaprio will be in it and I'm sure he's enough to make up for Spider Man being in this movie. Now all they need to do is make a film adaptation of Brave New World, although I doubt that will happen given some of it's content

it was on Box Office Mojo

by the way, Warner Bros. just announced on Tuesday that The Great Gatsby will not come out on Christmas Day to involve conflicts with The Whinystein Co.'s Django Unchained, which is Leonardo Dicaprio's other movie in a supporting role that is also coming out on Christmas Day.  The Great Gatsby is now coming out on a unknownly Summer 2013 release.

are you fuckin kidding me?

supposedly, they're adding better music or something...

what is this song called? 

Except the new Spider Man is so much better

Tobey will always be spiderman to me :D

Leonardo Dicaprio, marry me. Kthanks.

You people bickering in the comments about the black people in the car do understand that it was specifically in the book, yes? "As we crossed Blackwells Island a limousine passed us, driven by a white chauffeur, in which sat three modish Negores, two bucks and a girl." Baz Luhrmann did add another girl, but that's not so out of place...

I'm surprised, this looks really good!

Tobey ?

Why would they push this to summer 2013?

UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.

God, that is a beautiful trailer.

omg totally agree!!


It's Jack White. A cover of the U2 song called "Love is Blindness." And it makes this trailer 50 times more awesome than it already is.

Goosebumps! Its like they've brought all my favourite actors together :O

is that Jack Black singing?

too bad its been delayed. Also, whoever thinks the movie should have 1920's songs (despite the obvious that isn't what Baz Luhrmann does)...can you please name some songs that you think would fit (without google) and that people in the modern era would enjoy?

words cannot describe my excitement 

oh shit its bachchan

i can't wait to see this movie, i loved the book

no church in the wild by jay z and kanye west. and love is blindness by jack white

OMG reading the book cnt wait for the movie Leonardo DiCaprio as gatspy is a good choice and I love the modern twist and jazz age mix

You truly are a nonsensical child. 

This trailer looks great, but I think the only problem is the music choice. They should have picked a song that sounds more like the 1920's tune. It would make more sense. I mean, sure, it sounds kind of cool with the music played now, but it doesn't really suit it considering people of that time would not be listening to that kind of music.

warner bros has pushed the release to summer 2013

I must read the book before the movie comes out.

I'm sorry but is anyone as excited as I am for this movie?!! The book was oh so good.

I totally hate it when the top comment is a reply to another. 

I think this song cover was sung by Jack White. (Love is Blindness - Jack White). 

Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church In The Wild (feat. Frank Ocean) and the other song sounds like a cover of U2's "love is blindness" but I do not know who is actually singing

The second song is Jack White "Love is Blindness", but I'm not sure about the first song. I've heard it on the radio though XD

Wow. Baz Luhrmann is a God.

Can't freakin wait. >.< 
Definitely re-reading it before it comes out.

we don't live an a world of absolutes otherwise nothing would get done
expository argument? get a life
spectrums of intelligences, plenty of them
pure logic
time is winning, just wait until you start making money
you forgot your first lame comment didn't even make sense, if you talked to anyone like that in the real world they would laugh at your broke ass


movie sucks.postponed till summer 2013 for re shoots.

And there it was, very briefly at the end: Shot in Real 3D. 
Shit.

Song: Kanye West & Jay-Z- No Church in the Wild (I think!)

guys bad news the great gatsby date has changed to summer 2013

i love the song.. anybody knows the name of the song?


you spelled "question" wrong

Lol because the word of Hans Hoffman is absolute? Quotes hold no credibility in an expository argument kid.  If that was the case, everyone's word would be arbitrary kid.  Nor was I aware that there's a spectrum of intelligence kid. Talk about pointlessly irrelevant logic.  

And I wasn't aware this was a timed argumentative debate? But whatever floats your boat kiddo.  I'll even hold your hand while you sit in your pubescent regression now.  





"haha!" Indeed since you wasted about 20x more time then I did..
The quote came from someone about 100x more intelligent and accomplished then you will ever be but since you are into explaining things... 
explain "rapacious capital avarice" you know "evil greedy capital greed"
because that makes so much sense 
ps.. anyone into the left /right paradigm is a totally fucking dumbass sheep plus you listen to bill maher(a retard) 
good luck son

Haha!

1. "Necessaries" don't "speak."  Definitions don't include personifications moron. 

2. Here's a few of the real definitions, to further display your impotent failure at contriving any rationalized argument, as well as your selective bias.  

"Simplify - to make less complex or complicated; make plainer or easier:." 

"Simplify - To make simple or simpler, as: a. To reduce in complexity or extent."

"Simplify - to make simple or simpler" 

And lastly i'm done, better luck next time kid. 

“The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.”
I don't think you have anything neccessary to speak.
Any dumbass middle schooler can go look up synonyms on google and pretend they know something.
Look up "operation garden plot" "rex 84" "cointelpro" "ADEX lists" 
and go learn why even the dumbest Ron Paul follower is exponentially more intelligent then you will ever be.


You are merely a radical extremist with no empirical comprehension.  Nor can you assimilate the most simplistic application of satirical exemplifications.
You also sound like a disillusioned follower praying for the Messianic resurgence of Ron Paul.   

Do us a favor, the world needs one less moron, ya' catch my drifttt? 


I don't understand why people have such a problem with toby maguire he fits the bill as nick's character quite well, and if anything (maybe it's just me, but i wish daisy's character looked almost, more distinguished maybe prettier)

Please don't use the word "retarded" in this derogatory way.

Yes because running up trillions of dollars in debt right after claiming change isn't "rapacious capital avarice"
that's the same thing as saying "greedy capital greed", capital itself can't be greedy anyway
Then comes in your actual level of intellect.. a quote from bill maher. LMAO
"citing text book academics?" Are you retarded?
I notice nothing said about your psychopath democrat presidents rounding up 20 million black people in "operation garden plot". what a fucking sheep

(Sigh) 

Fail Republican demagogue. The futility of a political philosophy that actually condones their radical dynamics of rapacious capital avarice has undoubtedly failed already.  Like Maher once said: 

"Vote democrat, we don't know what we want, or vote Republican, were just fucking crazy."  

BTW I'm glad your coherently efficient at citing textbook academics, but give it a fucking break, will ya? Were on a film trailer. 

touché

How did you get an early screening?

This sucks that we have to wait till 2013 to see this masterpeice

Now we have until summer of 2013 to see this movie. Haven't we waited long enough!!!!????

well, plesantville was bad, spiderman trilogy was bad, brothers was bad...i refuse to watch anything else he is in. his voice is just so annoying..

I agree with you but then again,  I doubt Baz Luhrmann would choose the wrong person for his films since they've all turned out fantastic so far. 

If people were to look at our entire comment stream, all they would see is personal and childish attacks as your points, while my points were eye-opening historical facts that most people had no clue about it... They will see who the real ignorant and racist person is, good luck in your prison camp public school

The Tea party is pro black, more so then the democratics could be. The most racist things the government has ever done were "cointelpro" "operation garden plot" and the "adex lists", all passed on democratic presidents' watch. Republicans freed the slaves and gave women their right to vote, read up on what the democrats had to say about freed salves back in the 1860's.
PS IF RON PAUL WERE A DEMOCRAT, THAT'S WHAT I WOULD BE
WAKE UP SHEEPLE

should be Elijah Wood in my opinion

should be Elijah Wood in my opinion

LMAO not according to FARRAKHAN. I wonder who knows more about the subject
Slavery was primarily able to happen from the cooperation of BLACK warlords and tribal chiefs who sold the slaves to them literally on the shores. Today there are more black slaves then at any point in history, guess where... AFRICA. 
because there are so many white people there right? LMAO

Your question is basically retard, slavery started before the U.S. even existed, the Democratic/Republican parties didnt even exist through the majority of slavery in this country. In the end, Republicans freed them and the Democrats tried to tell people that crazy psycho savage black peopel would be runnign aroudn the country if they were freed. Don't be such a brainwashed sheeple. 
Did you google "cointelpro" and "operation garden plot", passed on the watch of DEMOCRATIC presidents. LMAO

yes continue to reply like a child without learning anything.. run along now kid, the government needs you get a job and pay your taxes so they can afford to bomb more brown people

lmao you have no reply because not only are you totally fucking wrong on every point you your mind is so complacent you would rather continue acting a debt slave for white international bankers to go bomb more brown people, good job.
Did you look up the party that freed the slaves yet? Did you see what the democrats had to say about it lmao. what a fucking retard

LMAO  I think you need to read up on your history a little more since you are at the point of near brainwashed. Go look up the party that was responsible for freeing the slaves as well as giving women their rights too. Also go read about what the democrats had to say about "free slaves", sorry to burst your "democratic bubble" what ever the fuck that means

WHY ARE THEY MOVING THIS TO SUMMER 2012? 
This should have come out already!!!

I think you should more concerned about black being oppressed by both blacks and whites today considering there is over one million black people in prison today, more then at peak slavery, making license plates and such for .10 cents an hour which is quasi slavery. Our current half black president has not said a word about this and also continues to expand the drug war, go figure. I would look to Ron Paul as someone who actually cares about them and us

By the way, what do you exactly mean by "do I support glenn beck"?

How do you get goosebumps from a bunch of hip hop music blasting over a film that's supposed to be about the roaring 20's?

The movie isn't even out yet. Remember everyone's hatred for Anne Hathaway as Catwoman? Guess what? She was fucking amazing playing the most popular written form of Catwoman from the comics. Can't you hold off on judgement until it comes out? Nick is a quiet, passive, and impartial character with little character in this story. Mac\guire could do really well with that.

Movie release was changed to Summer 2013 instead of december :( was so excited for this!

I'm so excited, but kind of nervous!

Glenn Beck is a total fucking retard but like anyone, even farrakhan or jeremiah wright, has intelligent points from time to time.

I notice you have nothing to say about those terms, nice reply, a child-like one.
Anyone that had jeremiah wright and farrakhan as a supporter is a treasonous lunatic that does not deserve to be called an American along with their uneducated supporters.
The government loves you! You and the rest of their complacent sheeple. 

tobey maquire sucks dick, and dicaprios sick but i dont think hes good for gatsby

Who else got goosebumps?

shut up faggot. obviously some other people agree with me. and i think i am allowed to express my opinion on whatever video i want..

what song is this

I just finished reading the book and I imagined both Gatsby and Nick exactly like Di Caprio and Maguire.

I admire both Leo and Tobey, but they both have such weak, teenage-sounding voices.  They need to go to a voice doctor like Shirley MacLaine once did to prepare for her Broadway show. 

No Church In The Wild - Kayne West and Jay Z,
Love Is Blindness - Jack White :) @franburger1

Thanks!

read the book ...

this looks awful. ruined an absolutely beautiful book :--( 


Amitab bachan

okay//i got a kuestion...whats the movie about??/

The tea party is against a large and tyrannical government, before you run your ignorant government programmed mouth... try and get yourself to google "operation garden plot" "cointelpro" "ADEX lists" "REX 84" and "hr 645" and see who the real racists are... who do you support? People trying to stop things like this from happening or people signing these documents..
also google "obama EO 347" and ask yourself how well this would have meshed with the civil rights movements?

Well obviously the producers thought otherwise, and I think their opinion is more justified than yours - a YouTube user that hasn't even seen the movie. 

The song at the beginning is not music that was in the 20's.

Yes, I aam glad the sexual relationship between Gatsby and Daisy is being shown -- it is clearly referenced in the novel as Daisy starts coming over to Gatsby's house every afternoon (alone of course), and he fires his servants to prevent gossip.

The 1920s were incredibly hedonistic - just read some stories about Zelda and Scott Fitzgerald's parties and legendary drinking binges. The book Anything Goes is a great short history of the craziness of the 1920s. Frankly shocking stuff.

i really wish tobey maguire would just give up acting. he has already ruined this movie and has no business being in the same film as dicaprio

Shut up you ignorant douchebag! It was different for blacks in New York during the cultural movement of the 1920's! why don't you do some research instead of sound like a dipshit! Im not republican either!  

Dude please save your ignorance for someone else! My comment had nothing to do with ethnicity! Your the one who started saying shit, with your monkey ass comment, which i clearly disproved with simple historical facts. Plus your comment you just made doesn't make any sense. Try rereading it lol

Why don't you reread your comment, listen to how it sounds and then ask me why any one would be offended!

Okay fucktard! Blacks were free after the civil war! The 1920's was a flourishing time for African Americans because of their many contributions to the cultural movement of time! So why don't you stop being ignorant, and shut fuck up!

Jack White

It looks like this film has failed to capture anything to do with the 1920's. Firstly, whoever decided on the music for this trailer should be ashamed. 

Needs more cats. And more bacon.

Look like very good! 

So excited!

Finished reading the book yesterday, finished watching the 70's movie an hour ago. Pumped for this adaptation

um when is this movie actually coming out?

Lol so true

when will come out 

how could the liquor be cheaper if this was during prohibition?

This is like some fantasy 1920's lol

Good look for Amitabh bachchan though

But i dont think the 1920's was like this at all...

kanye west- church in the wild

I need trailer 2 !! 

First Song At The Beginning Is
Trayvon - Jasiri X

Maybe you're right about Daisy.  I've seen the '74 Gatsby so many times that I've remade it in my head so many times, too, which I do with movies I'm not completely happy with.  I guess I'm a frustrated film editor.  As for the affair being fleshed out in this new version, I guess that's because F. Scott's daughter is no longer around to put restrictions on scenes of sex and violence in the movie.  Too bad for F. Scott.

Like if you noticed  at 0:55 and 1:49 Decaprio's dress dosn't seem wet at all.

What is the song at the begining

the beach owned

Not enough yellow.

I CANT WAIT FOR THIS :O the book was fantastic!

stupid tacky movie

Jack White - Love is Blindness 
is the second song

1:09 What song is it?

Leo - perfect actor!

Amitabh Bachchan as Meyer Wolfsheim now I'm siked

Great songs, great trailer


 trailer made sense only AFTER i read the description. 

What are the two songs in this trailer? Anyone know? Would be much appreciated :)

Sooo... what's going on??

Yeah, considering.  I think it was a 'deliberate accident'.  And obviously Jay and Daisy had an affair, esp. whenever she went to his house alone and he dismissed his servants so that no one could spread gossip about them.  Dumb move.

If you read the book you'll know. Basically in the book there are only maybe 2 or 3 lines referring to the green light.

The green light marks where Daisy's house is (the woman who Gatsby loves). He bought his house on for its location and would look over the water for the green light. The people who made the movie really did their homework.

Old Sport.

@salman khan 
Yup. -sigh-

i cant wait for this, i just wish it would come out sooner


Katynna I love you but no...

Gay ..

Words cannot describe my exciement for this movie to come out. Not even because of Leonardo decaprio. Though that does help.

And the Oscar go to Lenardo Di Caprio.

Nerds.

it is so anti-class

me to

what the song at the end


0:04 whats that song?

Only reason to watch this film, Leonardo DiCaprio ;)

Whoops. I didn't know what "predate" meant. Oh well, I'm only 16, I'm sure without my mishap I would have learnt what it means by the time I reached your age :3

Hear auto-tune.
Do facepalm.

I found an entire synopsis of the plot in my local bookstore. It's only 180 pages, and it changed my life.

I don't think you understand what 'gaminginpublic' was saying at all. They are saying any movie with a plot set in a time prior to the 1950's will star Leonardo, the fact that you couldn't reach this conclusion (along with 12 other people) is astounding.

Ok. So why doesn't the trailer reveal any part of the plot?? All I got was that this Gatsby guy is lapping it up in luxury and that the blonde chick seems to find him dashing. Please help.

lol I meant an actor playing the author in the movie.  Of course, it has been said that Nick was F. Scott, but Nick is someone who I found as lacking in values as everyone else in the story.  He helped Daisy and Jay with their affair and he didn't tell anyone that it was Daisy who killed Myrtle, so I don't like him as the narrator. 

I have had it with this director. Romeo and Juliet was wonderful but everything since just stinks. Its like when disco came in-everything had to be the same-when BL films he makes everything the same sonic and visual style. Unfortunately this style is like being stuck in some retro club with no keys to get out. 

I started reading your comment and then I got bored...

Needs more Vincent Chase

The song is: Love is blindness - Jack White (originally U2) :)

Anyone knows the name of the song starting at 1:50?

I dont see why you can't see it. Nick has always been portrayed as a shy kind of dorky guy. Tobey looks perfectly for that just like in Spiderman where once again, the main character is supposed to be shy and somewhat dorky.

@SpecialK555 1920's...

I didnt know they had auto-tune in the 1950's

Might as well just have dubstep for the soundtrack

Everyone knows the moral of the story is Women Can't Drive right? 

It's Sally Sparrow!

It looks like a fantastic adaptation, but the soundtrack is disappointing. I was hoping they would use actual music -- specially jazz -- from the period with a combination of some great orchestral numbers.

Oh well.

Read the book, it's worth it. 

i've readt the book, and watched the old movies but this movie looks 10 times better. 

"You are in a dream right now Peter, I am inside your mind."

It definitely would be worth your while. The book is brilliant.

Yellow Car :D


2:07

would it be worth my while to read the book now before the movie? or will that just make me cynical when I see it?

it looks like the modern version of the book

Gatsby is all about eyecandy so looks about right ;)

Yeah.  I was just hoping that Baz would try to experiment either way to include more of the book in the movie because F. Scott's descriptive style is what makes the book great.

I think this is going to be an eyecandy rather than a proper film version of the multilayered meanings and symbolism. Nonetheless, watching it, it looks entertaining.

LEO YOU SEXY BEAST

the book is actually narrated by nick though..

Whenever I read the book, I picture the movie with the author's voiceovers in some of the scenes, not Nick's, or other times with the characters' thoughts in voiceovers like in Eugene O'Neill's 'Strange Interlude'.  But such experiments are very rare. 

this lagend of famus actor should be in Action movie

I wish that Leonardo Dicarprio will become a legend as Jay Gatsby

Leonardo Dicaprio is still the most beautiful man alive.

this movie is going to win an oscar!

Just what F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic needed. Kanye West and autotune. How much lower can people sink. And why is this overrated fat head in every 3rd movie that comes out. It's come to a point where if you put Leo in a movie, it will make 100 million dollars; never mind that the movie sucks or the part can be given to a much better / suitable actor. Marky Mark must not have been available for this one. He was probably fighting terrorist hijackers.

love this! cant wait to see it..i read the book and its amzing

Damn it you're right. I was going to suggest Matt Dillon, but Josh Brolin is much better.

Myrtle is supposed to be a bigger woman, not a skinny one, in the book.

well how else exactly do you expect them to recreate the skyline on 1922?

Overall, this movie looks like it's going to stray away from the book, which displeases me- BUT, there is one thing they did right, and that is the homoerotic subtext between Nick Carraway and Jay Gatsby.

So I'll live, even if the movie sucks. 

they should have used Josh Brolin for Tom 

I'm reading the book right now :)

I get chills every time I see this trailer....can't wait too see it in theaters 

i cant believe it they made a movie i cant wait to watch it so excited!!!!

I think Gatsby shouldn't be played by Decaprio, other than that I have no problem with the casting. More the Mis En Scene. 

0:19 DAT ASS

i'm confident this movie is going to be very, very good

tobey mcguire as nick carraway?  i don't know....

No Church in the Wild

It is just sufficient that leo is there. I cant stop me to go to theater

It's not very hard to understand?

There is a bit of a modernization done. It's not a truly "period" piece. I think of a "Moulin Rouge" experience where it is close to the original but with Luhrmann's touches.

I'm reading the book right now, it's been fantastic so far.
I hope the film is just as good.
Leo always gives a great performance and it wouldn't surprise me if he won an Academy Award for this film.

Yeah like that 1953 film where he was -21 years old.

Maybe xxrockon83 was talking about the location of the actual book, which is set in Long Island.

Perhaps you don't understand it then. The book is very cleverly written.

ahhh I hope Jordan Baker isn't too annoying in this film :S

Does anyone know what plot point that was at 1:36. I haven't read the book in a really long time so I was trying to remember.

what is that music? it certainly isn't from 1922 - makes me not want to see this

Thumbs up for Amitabh Bachan !

when is this movie out?

I've read Gatsby a few times and I agree, the casting for this movie is perfect. However I always pictured Tom as clean shaven a little more muscular, but that doesn't really matter.

dr j.t ecukleburg's eyes LOL

Really? Tom looks exactly as I've always pictured him.

Why the hell should this be in 3d?

Is it just me or does Mr. Bachchan have a British accent in the movie?

1.Kanye West ft.Jay-Z "No Church In The Wild"
2.Jack White "Love is Blindness"

beginning song is "no church in the wild" by jay z, kanye west, and frank ocean. second song is "love is blindness", covered by jack white.
AHHH this movie looks so good !

Whats The Song Called In The Beginning ???

Never liked the book much but the movie looks very interesting

iiiii can give you gatsbyyyyyyy,gatsbyyyyyyyy,gatabyyyyyyyy

The guy in hat  is Amitabh Bachan. Who is Morgan Freeman of Bollywood. also held the Olympic torch in 2012.

It's the Indian guy who lite the torch to the Olympic games

no church in the wild, brother

what is the name of the first song ??? 

Everybody aside from Tom Buchanan looks close to pitch perfect

Now that I've seen the trailer I keep picturing nick as Toby and gatsby as dicaprio. I always pictured them so differently it's weird now.

It looks just like I'd imagined the book tbh. The billboard with the eyes, the yellow car, Jordan and Daisy. Gatsby in the rain. Everything.

no church in the wild, by jay z and kanye

i wanna like your comment x100

Jack White - Love is Blindness
Like to all see the name of song:D

It's a great tactic to show a film's trailer months before the film's release so that the filmmakers have time to make changes depending on how people react.  The '74 Gatsby movie could have greatly benefited from such a tactic, although how they didn't notice for starters the lack of chemistry between the stars during filming is a mystery to me.

no no....do not get me wrong,i am talking only about the relation between a man and a woman. i do not care about race,religion and sexual orientation. however it makes me sad and depressed when i see how women used to be and how they are today. i do not understand your argument and your way of thinking,cannot women smile politely and express their opinion at the same time..??

it's love is blindness. i think the jack white version.

what is that first song?? who is it done by?!

this is such a fucking good trailer

Yeah...but I was referring to the story. It takes place in New York.

Woah.. Amitabh Bacchan in Great Gatsby... indeed...


where can I get the OST? The music is too good


i read the book as a kid cant remmember jack sh*t about it .... O_o

Everyone in here looks like they're 'play-acting' & playing dress-up. A pretentious mess . . . will let the fallout determine its fate.

@3gam not this movie. lol  im talking about the 70s version.

This trailer is amazing. "The Great Gatsby" is one of my favorite books, and I've read it several times. I have high hopes for this film, but I agree with others who admit it’s a better read. I would encourage those who want to see the film to read the book first. I certainly hope the film industry finally does Fitzgerald some justice since the previous films were boring. It is just one of the best written novels and a testament to the roaring 20s. "The restlessness approached hysteria..."

I love the music :D

Even if Baz Luhrmann's the director.

Hmm. I don't think The Great Gatsby could ever be that great. Although the book is very good, it's not that sort of book that could be made into a film. I saw the '74 and 2000 ones and they weren't that great either, because the story is best read, not watched. In my opinion.

Thank you VEEERRRRYYYY MUCH :P)

Obviously, you're correct. You should have lived in 1922, when differences in race, religion, and sexual orientation were not tolerated. When the women were women who smiled politely, and kept their opinions to themselves. 

am i the only one who thinks that i am born in the wrong era. i should have been born in 1922,when women like men and men liked women,when women were delicate and feminine and they knew how to seduce a man just with their smile and eyes. i miss that kind of woman. IT IS OBVIOUS THAT THIS MOVIE HAS STYLE AND MORE DOLCE VITA THAN ANYTHING ELSE

Knew it they weren't going to do it well. 

jack's white U2 cover "Love is Blindness"

Does anybody know what is that song in 1:30 ?  Sorry for my english

@colinliam9 yes the movie was dull. it was very lavish but it was like watching a painting for 2 hours. this is more of a caricatured version which works for me. at least it looks like it'll keep me awake.

@herclandestine yes he would. good choice but i also like james franco. his voice is great for a narration. tobey wasn't selling me in this trailer but he might surprise me.

watching this because of dicaprio. and the book is good as well

I actually enjoyed some of the novels and works we read in english/literature classes, but the Great Gatsby wasn't one. Just because a book is referred to as an 'American Classic' doesn't make it a good book.

Wow, they gave away the ending in the trailer (even if it was for less than a second).  I mean, I guess that's okay since most people who'll be seeing it probably read the book, but that's still a little cheap.  

No Church in the Wild seems to be a "trailer song".

this book twas the tits  ( . ) ( . )!!!!

All these feels

Probably to be read, but that's just a guess.

The first Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was fine, but the new one surpassed it in my opinion, and was also closer to the book. There's always room for improvement, and it's not like its a remake off a classic movie, it's an adaptation of a classic book.

Just Wikipedia it. Basically cheating, drinking, partying, scandal, "new money" vs "old money", a capturing of the "Roaring Twenties". It's a good book and has multiple layers to it. Highly recommend.

Clearly you read it in highschool during your "I don't care about literature" phase...or maybe you're still in it. Regardless, The Great Gatsby is routinely referred to as an American classic by generations.

I am VERY excited to see this... great cast, and the trailer seems to be flowing over with restlessness and Gatsbiness :)

I like the book and what I like (from this trailer) its the slick production value. This movie looks slick.

i gotta read this book again!

Surely you're not serious? The Great Gatsby is widely regarded as one of the greatest works of fiction ever written and it is a novel which rings as true today as it ever has and probably ever will; even the front cover of the book is considered a work of art. I strongly recommend you read it, especially if you intend to voice an opinion on it.

I have to wonder if people who are bitching about the original movie being ruined have actually SEEN the "original" (I'm assuming they're referring to the one with Mia Farrow and Robert Redford). That version completely sucked the life out of F. Scott's prose and somehow made the Great Gatsby seem stilted, lifeless, and dull. I don't know how I feel about Baz Lurhmann directing, but at least he's bringing some panache to the thing

Spiderman!


The book was written in 1925 so actually YES it is pretty original

Leonardo DiCaprio is the PERFECT role for Mr. Gatsby

I'm proud to have been born in Long Island :) There's no place like New York.

very interesting....

You're kidding...

Um YES! This was the only book I actually enjoyed studying in English class. So pumped for this movie. (And it helps that Leonardo Dicaprio is in it lol)

The book was great. Looking forward to the third movie that was made for The Great Gatsby

"Love is blindness" hmm.......very interesting. I'm a bit excited for this movie! :) 

AMITABH BACCHAN!

its so much more than that though. 

Peter Parker? What on earth are you doing hanging with the likes of Jack Dawson?!

Im so excited for this movie... I CANT WAIT

@gaminginpublic If you read the book you'd know that this movie was flawlessly casted. DiCaprio is the perfect Gatsby.

Oh You're in luck! this is the 20's ;)

Obviously doesn't know the book was written before 99% of the current population was born...

"No Church in the Wild" -Jay Z and Kanye West

Looking forward to watchig the movie. Read the book in Grade 12 as part of our set books. Was great!

No church in the wild jay z and kanye west

Probably I just didn't enjoy it so much.

whats the song in the beginning? 


Any movie predating the 1950's is guaranteed to have Leonardo staring. It's getting old. 

am i the only one who's actually really excited to see it? i've read the book several times, possibly one of my favorites. and i've seen the original movie and quite liked it. why is everyone so against them making a more updated version? at least keep an open mind.

I really like most of Baz Luhrmann's films, but he is not who I would have picked for this.  That being said, upon review the trailer does look less ostentatious than Romeo + Juliet or Moulin Rouge, so who knows?

poor spiderman....


What? You may be the minority here.

Time to ruin another book!

The book sucked.

come on people dont hate. what if its better than you expected? the cast is fucking amazing and the movie looks like its gonna be amazing too. i cant wait. and i have read the book. several times.

What is the story all about may i know the summary? please


i just hope they stay to the book!

What uniquely moronic directoror came up with this? Hasn't he even read the original book? Can he even read?

And it's such an amazing book!! I definitely didn't mind reading it in high school! :)

Someone obviously doesn't get around to ever reading. Maybe if you'd stop using Sparknotes and using Cliffnotes you wouldn't be such an ignorant fuck. 

Love it can't wait to see it. Great cast I think Leo is perfect as Gatsby.

I dont care Tobey Maguire is always Spiderman

The look that Gatsby gives at 1:09 gives me the chills

Looks way more interesting than the book

This book was boring as fuck and the ending made me throw it at a wall. What the fuck was the point of this book anyways?...

ohhh mr. bachachan. great 


Good lord, that was possibly the most eloquent statement I've ever had the pleasure of reading.

I read this book voluntarily not even three years ago. It doesn't have hardly any of the stuff in the trailer. It was a boring book.

Read the book?

Second song, "Love Is Blindness" absolutely perfect

wow

It's a modern day, period drama. 

have you read the great gatsby ? one of most famous books ever written

this book/movie IS the original of that story line! 

u sound ignorant as fuck. 

no church in the wild

Why are they trying to make this movie seem like some sort of psychological thriller?

whats this song called in the beginning in the trailer 

Well, this is a nice Christmas gift.

how come killers always read this book or the catcher and the rye???PLEASE TYPE IN     GREEN LANTERN THE ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY      and please check out the true twisted story of how       GEORGE LUCAS  sent off duty CIA agents to threaten my mother with guns        thanks!!!!!!!!

mmm is this a video game? What's up w the CGI?

Jack White cover of Love is Blindness by U2 off their Achtung Baby album.

It certainly looks like they went all out for this production, and based on the cast and the director's previous works I'm rather excited to see this version ^^

Oh Leo...forever suave.

Mr. Rowan Atkinson suits the jay gatsby role perfectly. No that's not a joke.. don't agree? go and make your own movies then with your own money. 

spiderman 4-where are you???????   :(

What is he song on the intro

Also wanted to add I know it seems like Maguire and more so DiCaprio are in a lot of movies but that's because they're very good at bringing characters to life and making us see them as those characters if only for a couple of hours. 

Got through listening to the audio book of The Great Gatsby as I listen to audio books on my way to work. It's a great story perfect for the movie format too. I thank DiCaprio is perfect for the Gatsby role and Tobey Maguire in the Nick role. Nick and Gatsby are young strong respectable men. Maguire and DiCaprio are also young strong men and are good at playing respectable.   

I think they should have used different actors to play Gatsby and Nick, but that's only my opinion.

Step 1 Read book
Step 2 See movie
Step 3 STFU

What's your problem? I made one complainant and my opinion is allowed to be different from yours, so maybe you should go sit in the corner and shut the fuck up already.   

Great cast for this movie

leonardo di carprio dies again

I agree, they should have used original twenties music only, to hell with being creative, even if the music does go really well with the feel of it. Just fuck it, fuck it all.

I heard they made a couple of movies based on them JRR Tolkien books, too. I would say those are right up there with the likes of twilight. The obomination! (sarcasm font for all you arrtards out there)

This movie would be so good if people stopped bitching about stupid things. Please, retards, idiots, morons, please go sit in a corner and stfu already.

i generally dont like tobey maguire but he is perfectly cast for this.

Leave it to a bad director to adapt one of the greatest of American novels.
What is Hollywood coming to?

Leonardo DiCaprio is a great actor.  He's played such a variety of roles and nails each one, even being mentally challenged in What's Eating Gilbert Grape. Why would DiCaprio playing Gatsby ever turn you off? 

XX century? Who uses roman numerals in a sentence or conversation like this? It's like writing "King Louie the 4th".

it might just be a modern interpretation
my 2 cents

thats the same music in safe house trailer!! they stole it if you want to you can check it 

which song in the background ?


I hope Leo gets an Oscar for this. He truly deserves it !!

eww tobey maguire playing nick is just weird

No Church in the Wild (feat. Frank Ocean)

I want to see this but I hoping is doesn't end like the book because I loathe ending. It made me so mad.

The green light represents the American Dream.

what is the significance of the green light?

does anybody know what the name of this song it called in the beginning of the trailer? 

Another Leonardo DiCaprio meltdown.

what's the significance of the green lights?

This is one of the most incredible trailers I've ever seen. 

Jack White*

U2 - LOVE IS BLINDNESS

Do you know what the other song is? I like it! 

The calming song is "Sleep Walking" by the band Pullman Standard (youtube).

Where is callan!!???

I feel like I'm watching inception for some reason

Stop complaining, you all could never even film/direct any type of movie. It takes work bitches

I love that song!!!

This movie would be so good if this wasn't in 3D, please, directors, editors, whomever, please change it.

so when the f does this come out

No church in the wind? Thanks

I always thought Christian Bale would make a good Gatsby.

No Church In The Wild!!

You're grouping Twilight in with the classics?!  Ouch, man.  Ouch.

What other terrible book can they make a movie out of now? Twilight nope done, the yerlling? Too late. Lord of the flies? No already did. Animal farm? Let's hope not.

What song is playing in the background???

The book was terrible. The movie looks great

if it wasn't for the modern 'music' RUINING this I would defo go & see it

Book was great, hopefully the movie will be

and as for the casting i think its good and in mulligans case a perfect match for daisy

Just finished reading the book this looks great. few points for those criticising it. 1. Film is a whole different medium to books and being 110% accurate to the book  usually does make a rather average film where people think "it was like a crap version of the book" 2. If you want the old style version / music go watch the old movie or tv series even though theyre shit. 3. The best thing about this book is the atmosphere and the imagery of the roaring 20's which this trailer captures perfectly.

I hated the idea that Carey Mulligan was playing Daisy Buchanan at first, but I must admit that she's perfect for the role. The trailer is extremely catchy, and I'm certainly glad Baz Lhurmann is the director. None better than him could rapresent the roaring twenties.

this is the new 2012 remake. there's an original ! you dont bitch! 
 p.s this movie is based on a book.

Why did have to be the director of Moulin Rouge? It was such a great book. I think someone like Sam Mendes could have had a better idea for this film.

It's what you'd expect from Lurhman, I was pretty psyched when I found out he'd been given the project! 

And to anyone else complaining, this isn't the first time Baz Luhrmann has done this either. Moulin Rouge was set in 1900 and that movie uses Madonna, Queen, etc. It's a period piece that uses modern songs to capture the mood. Not that ridiculous of an idea.

From what I've seen most people just end up bagging on the hip hop too. Well, rock was used in the trailer and that wasn't around then either folks.

When casting began there was a rumor Ben Affleck was to play Tom Buchanan. I would really have loved to see Ben in that role. Itd a great role for him: a racist womanizer. A complete 180 of his usual roles.

no church in the wild by jay z and kanye west. what's the second song?

Perhaps this person is referring to the version made in the 70's....

Anyone of any intelligence wouldn't write "LAWL".......

it hasn't been released-  your comment makes no sense

i was force to watch this gay movie in high school.

Blake Lively: the most ironically named actress in Hollywood.

Since this is Baz Luhrmann I can guarantee this is going to be completely over the top and have about 12 billion cuts. And the curtains are probably going to be fabulous.

Wow, good catch.

oh to hear Blake Lively was an original choice for Daisy is quite disappointing!

Why have the most famous Indian actor play the most stereotypical Jew ? : P

LAWL most people get assigned this book in highschool, so anyone of intelligence has already read it.


2:17 The attention to details is amazing. Notice the green light in the background.

TOP COMMENT, NICE

2 of the finest actors in one movie..tobey n leo..awesome..

I'm in the middle of reading it, so I don't know if this is true, but if so, thanks for ruining it! Your prior knowledge of the story doesn't give you the right to spoil it for others. Usually, I'm of the opinion that the book is always better than the film, but that doesn't mean people who just see the film can't enjoy it on its own merit. If that's not really what happens, then I guess I sound like an idiot - but if it is, I don't think you giving away the end will push people to read it.

tobey&Leo!!!!!!!!!

oooooooooooooooooohhhhhh my days i read the book when i was in school 8 years ago 


Looks like Moulin Rouge. All too flashy and superficial.
Shame, DiCaprio could have nailed a spectacular Gatsby if the atmosphere of the movie was different.

NO 3D PLEASE

Cannot wait I loved the book and oh my gosh Leo as Gatsby! It has to be good!

The cast fits perfectly. Unfortunately, it looks too surreal. The book was pretty much down to earth.

Peter Parker! 

The cast was a magnificent choice, i hope the movie is amazing too. 

yeah I really hope it's good too. It's one of my favorite books and the cast they chose is absolute perfection IMO

"Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther... And one fine morning——

So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."

I think that until now the quality of effects in film have not been sufficient to capture not only the drama that shrouds the story, but the underlying power and darkness in the meaning. The Robert Redford version merely amounted to a silly drama, recreating none of the emotion and fear of the novel. I'm very ready for this movie, trailer gave me goosebumps.

it's weird seeing a remake of the 20s at this time

was that amitabh bachan at 0:31 and 1:03 - 1:06 ! 
woah. well i am reading this book right now so hopefully its good 

last song?


ok, awesome, thank you for tellin me. i read the book more than a year ago in my jr. english class. but yeah i'm hoping the movie is accurate with the book and it turns out to be a big hit:)

That scene with the "group of black people" is from the book. It's not some politically correct "modern" stuff added in. 
From the text: "As we crossed Blackwell’s Island a limousine passed us, driven by a white chauffeur, in which sat three modish negroes, two bucks and a girl. I laughed aloud as the yolks of their eyeballs rolled toward us in haughty rivalry.
Anything can happen now that we've slid over this bridge,' I thought; anything at all..."

I won't judge it before I've seen it, but it would certainly appear to be way over-the-top compared to the novel.

I think we'll hear jazz in the film, but to sell this movie to teenagers(who else would pay to watch a 3D drama?) they needed more modern music.

That said, I think the music choices were quite good. The Kanye West/Jay-Z track really compliments the story since their music so often concentrates on the dark side of luxury and wealth. And Jack White's music can be very dark while also being very cool and hip. And he's been heavily influenced by jazz and blues throughout his musical career.

ditto

THIS MOVIE LOOKS SO COOL. thats the only word i can describe it with. COOL

Carey Mulligan looks amazing, I love when she opens her eyes at 1:51

I think there is a reason for the modern music in the trailer. The 1920's were the 'jazz-age'. Jazz was new, exciting, and provocative to the then-youth. Now, the director has decided to put in music like Kanye West and Jack White, and I think it does a good job of capturing that same spirit. This type of music (whether a person likes it or not) is representative of our modern times, and is new, exciting, and provocative. Just my 2 cents

Why did they need to fuck it up with Kanye West music?  Definitely sounds Roaring 20s to me...

00:17 zebra in the pool?

This film is an adaptation of the book, and while I agree everybody should read it, you may want to give the film a chance before saying it's shit. 

Hello everybody! Does somebody know the name of the song? cheers... I like it so much!

WAY TO FUCKING KILL THE BOOK!!! 
I'm not watching, it has been processed through the money making machine... the movie is ruined. 

Gatsby gets shot and killed by myrtle's husband?
READ THE BOOK

So what is this movie actually about then, as good as it looks!?

THIS MOVIE IS IN 3D!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

Press 9 for the obligatory Leonardo Dicaprio scream face.

altough the soundrack doesn't fit this trailer, otherwise I wouldn't have discovered Love is blindness by Jack White, my new favourite song. thank you so much.

@vader500, thanks for the informative and intelligent comments, except for the end of your last comment, the part about Hemingway, which I so disagree with.  Anyway, I just feel bad for the Daisy character as if I created her myself.  She wasn't a good person, but neither was Gatsby or anyone else in the story, just like in all great novels.  Scarlett O'Hara at least got to be portrayed not as a bad woman but as a strong, wilful but confused young woman.

what happen?

I think I will see this movie, if only to see for myself if they do a better job than the '74 version.  

Agreed.

I hope it lives up to the standards of the book

You're right. However, the "Roaring Twenties" was the age where affluence was reachable. Let's not forget that organized crime(bootlegging) was the easiest way to make money in those days. If anything, that "group of black people" were part of the organized crime, which led them to have all these "really fancy clothes."

I think people look at this and think it's wrong because the modern influences but this movie is amazing at creating the essence of gatsby ... The green light that recedes before us

just read the book

no

the music is not only the directors poetic license, but it is also trying to target a fresh new and younger audience for an old classic. i think it works. 

And those movies were both fantastic.  

I can't wait to see this movie!! And I understand people's comments regarding the modern music, but that is what Baz Luhrman does in his movies - Romeo and Juliet and Moulin Rouge being examples.


yeah, and not to be racist or anything, but at the beginning at 0:12, you see the group of black people in really fancy clothes and riding in a nice car. Just saying that i can't really see that in New York during the roaring twenties. I might just be under educated about the subject, i kind of sucked in history class. but thats just something that stuck out for me.

someone please tell me the whole plot of the story please. 

Complains about music? WHY? Jack White is a genius.

Why are people complaining about the music? They do realize this is a trailer right? Not the actual movie which just might have jazz in it or other type of music?

The book was an amazing classic! I hope this movie will turn out to be just as amazing!

Im glad this movie is coming out, because I have to read this for school.

I think that if you are going to compare this to the original novel that you will be disappointed.  Baz Luhrman takes literature and juxtaposes them.  He uses unique contemporary cinematography to entertain and theatrical performances to engage those who would not even be interested in reading the original.  It's candy.

I just finished reading the book. Can't wait for this movie to come out!

Jack White - Love Is Blindness

For some reason i picture gatsby as Ryan Gosling

Yeah i usualy ignore people like you, and thats exactly what im doing from now on.

Leonardo DiCaprio, bad movie. Pick one.

I'm going to go with amazing 

For some reason I always pictured Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Nick

C-O-N-F-U-S-I-N-G

The music is very disappointing.  It does not match the movie.  I hate when music does not match the time period of the movie its in.  I find it annoying.

What it will certainly be, knowing Baz Luhrmann, is spectacular...

TOBY MAGUIRE AMITABH BACHCHAN AND LEONARDO DI CAPRIO IN ONE SCENE AMAZING

I would actually be more suited to play the role considering the fact that im not 30 years old, if you recall from the comics Spiderman was a teenager. Oh yeah but they didn't want to go by the comics, they wanted to make up their own shit.


I've read the book and even though the trailer looks like it's going to be more of a mobster movie but I can tell it's going to be kick ass!

Wow, I surely will check out the novel you mentioned. And I think you must be insane apologizing for such a useful and interesting comment.
I never liked Mia as Daisy, I think the book implied Daisy had something special about her and Mia failed to portray this eerie vibe of a little girl lost in her own game, she just made her seem coarse. But that's just me.

fuck Hemingway? fuck YOU dude.

Why dont you go do it ?

I know that F. Scott died in 1940, but he did try in 1935 to get a Gatsby movie made starring Clark Gable, according to his daughter, who recounted this in the 1st issue of People with Redford and Farrow on the Great Gatsby cover.  No mention of who he wanted for Daisy.  This is part of my problem.  Big male stars (even no. 1 sex symbols and box office draws of their time) get cast as Gatsby, while for Daisy, they fail to cast the no. 1 actresses of their time. It's as if Daisy is not important.

Baz Luhrmann is directing...shouldnt be bad

it looks like the movie will be worth watching. it looks like they did a very good job with the cast. no lie those are really good choices for how i sort of imagined all the characters. the trailer is disappointing because it should have fucking jazz music for crying out loud!! the music in the trailer and some of the stuff in the trailer looks to modern.

Toby Maguire was the worst person to play Spiderman. 

sense?

something about the girl who plays Jordan Baker seems wrong

spiderman  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

did anyone notice the apple logo in the bottm right corner? haha

also, if anyone is interested enough to have read all this mess, i strongly suggest that you read The Last Tycoon, fitzgerald's last and unfinished novel, and of course the great gatsby if you haven't already. i can also recommend some further reading in the extremely unlikely event that anyone is THAT interested. and it wouldn't be a proper youtube comment without some unsolicited anonymous slanderous rage so i'll just go right ahead and say FUCK HEMINGWAY

my apologies for this late night rant. i did a lot of research on this very topic a couple years ago and this trailer got me thinking about it all over again and for some reason i felt compelled to unload all of it all over your comment and it sort of got away from me. take it as a compliment rather than an insult, yours is certainly far more intelligent than your average youtube comment.

needless to say, this information casts a rather large and interesting shadow over any cinematic adaptation of fitzgerald. all said and done, i thought mia farrow was an ok daisy, it's a difficult role to act and she was certainly quite good at being simultaneously beautiful and disgusting, alluring and distant, hot and cold if you will. and speaking personally, i've never found her more attractive than she was as fitzgerald's flapper femme fatale, but that's just me.

ironically enough, he also spent his last years drinking himself to death in hollywood trying to write successful screenplays, as his novels weren't very profitable. his final and unfinished novel is about a gatsbyesque hollywood  producer and his daisyesque love interest. this is a simplification of course. check it out sometime. he also lampooned his hollywood career through the pat hobby stories, check those out as well.

fitzgerald had been dead for over 30 years when the redford/farrow film was made. in fact, he died before any of his works were adapted for the screen in any significant way. he pretty much categorically hated cinematic adaptations of literary works and feared that cinema would destroy the novel, which he saw as mankind's greatest cultural achievement, at least when it came to presenting a singular artist's vision. he wrote at length about this, i can hook you up if you're interested

I hope the "pool scene" is just as EPIC as in the book. I shed a tear while reading that passage, I  hope to bawl when inside the theater.

But if Mulligan makes me want to get up and throw my popcorn at the screen then her and Luhrmann have done a PERFECT job. all previous great gatsby movies have been terrible, I'm having high hopes for this one. 

I'm going to have to disagree with you on that. After I finished reading the book, I was completely disgusted with Daisy. Not to spoil any further but if you compare her character and that of Carrie from "Sister Carrie," both living in the same era you can find those "qualities" in Carrie as something to admired in contrast to Daisy. Daisy is NOT a loveable character, on the contrary, she provides a stomach churning, fists clenched and a desire to launch the novel out of your window. Pure genius

I have read the book and based on what I've seen in the trailer, the movie is going to be terrible.  Hint: Leonoardo diCaprio is in it.

I LOVE the book and hope the movie is just as terrific, does ANYBODY know if there are any parties like these still going on? I would absolutely love to go!!!

So excited for this movie. I've been reading the book in my English class and it's awesome so far, I hope the movie will be just as good.

Mia Farrow was a terrible Daisy.  She made that character so unloveable, even ugly.  I'm sure F. Scott hated that.  He based many of her qualities on the woman he loved.  He wrote Daisy as a victim of her era in almost the same way as Jay was, too, so any actress playing Daisy, whether Mulligan or Williams, should play her as a loveable character who's a victim of her time.

Nothing says 1920s America like a movie being filmed in Australia

I really wanted to have Michelle Willams to play Daisy, she really would've made Mia Farrow proud 

what is the name of the 2 songs in this trailer?

OMG

What's the song at 0:18?.

I can't tell if this will be amazing, or a miserable fail..

No.

Thank you with agreeing with me i got bitched at for saying the music doesnt match

No actually it doesn’t!  I’m sure this music won’t even appear in the film. Its purpose is to sucker young people in. it’s a marketing ploy! The setting of this film is the 1920s. and there using modern tech in the music like that lame voice changer. 

ITT: People not getting that the trailer music is relating the source material to today's similar world of loose morals and vapid, superficial people.

No Church In The Wild 
the first song.

Vinny Chase was supposed to star in this!

Not to be a dick or anything but I highly doubt that would happen in the 1920's 0:11

Actually, this is perfect. A  big, stupid lavish movie ignoring the source material about people not realizing how big, stupid lavish lifestyles ruin them.

Or maybe it's a bad trailer. But with that amount of CGI, I doubt it. 

Actually it does.

whats the name of the first song

I absolutely love this! I would give anything to go to one of these parties!!!

Oooohhhhh boy, this is the perfect film for Baz Luhrmann to direct... the luxury, the over the top-ness of it all, the hedonism!!! This could be as Great as Gatsby himself... or it could fail miserably... can't wait to see what's gonna be!

the buchannans o.O

thanks man 

Jack White- Love is Blindness

does anyone know the name of the second song?


Is there a zebra in the pool?!

looks so good!

Definitely going to see this in 3D, I want confetti floating around me! :)

Amitab Bachan looks good for the role

Who had to read the book for school...

Amitabh Bachan! Wow! Those who don't know him, he's the most phenomenal Indian actor EVER!

First of all, SPOILERS! And His name wasn't Gatsby when she knew him before and obviously this is before they met again thru Nick in NY.

The Great Gatsby or Anna Kareninna? hmmm...

if diCaprio is the actor,...then you know itll be good and worth watching

No Church in the Wild - Jay-Z/Kayne West ft Frank Ocean

So I had my doubts about this movie after hearing about it, but now that I've seen this trailer, I know it's gonna be good, REALLY good (and i've read the book and seen the 1st GG movie)

"Gatsby? What Gatsby?" ... erm the one that you are fucking behind your husband's back!!! XD

I don't think so XP

whats the background song from 0:00 - 0:30

moderized version?

Amitabh Bachchan?! Whoa.

I feel like Kellan Lutz could be a perfect Jay Gatsby

At 0:14 they have spelled Ziegfeld incorrectly.  I hope they correct it before the movie is released b/c I'm a stickler for detail. 

"No Church In The Wild" - Kanye West ft. Jay-Z

tobey and dicaprio, perfect combination

Whats the song in the beginning?

Yes, although not intentional during the writing, one of the reasons it has become favorable is of its profiling of triumph times before a depression. The glory coming before the fall if you will. For adults in the 40s it reminisced more prosper times.

u2 song- love is blindness covered by jack white

Baz Luhrmann has this odd way of making me excited for a movie and making me fear for its quality at the same time. When Mouling Rouge was advertised, it looked like a good movie done by a poor director. But no, it turned out to be a masterpiece bit of filmmaking. And I'm pretty sure this is the same case.

This trailer is fantastic...the story truly correlates to the people of today

A U2 song called Love is Blindness, covered by Jack White.


I am so beyond ready to see this movie! I've watched some of the the others and loved them. So now I cant wait to see one made with a little modern day twist added in!!!! XD this story is simply timeless!!!!

I like tobey

what's the background music??

Read it 4 years ago, must watch it.

well if theres one person i trust its baz

I love the song in this trailer

ooh looks like moulin rouge american style

Looks a little too flashy and unreal...


When I was reading The Great Gatsby in high school, I definitely didn't picture anything as explosive or colorful as this XD This really reminds me of Moulin Rouge. I pictured more of a Midnight in Paris feel, something much more toned down. This looks pretty good, I just hope all the extravagance doesn't take away or distract from the story or the meaning. Still, can't wait to see it!!!

no church in the wild by jayz n kanye west


name of song @ 0:07  ?

This trailer is just soo kool..love it, the music and everything is just super

i think i found the Jack of Titanic here 1:22

It's not out yet....

I don't get why most of the coments here is about you don't like the soundtrack, and that it don't fit the time the novel takes place.
But what you people dont have in your mind is that the director, Baz Luhrmann, takes this classic story "the great gatsby" that most people know, and create something else. He add something more "today" so to say, but still with the same story that people know and love. 
Another examble that Luhrmann do it like that and that it works good was in his version of W

where I can watch the full movie for free Please

Why'd they make Meyer Wolfsheim Indian?

Hello, old sport!

Jack White's cover sent me here.

no; bioshock and this movie both utilize the style of art deco, which was popularized in the 1920's, which is why they appear so aesthetically similar.

...and watch the 70's version with Robert Redford which was a lot better than this crap.:)

Yeah, a movie based on a classic novel that takes place in the 20's with Kanye West in the soundtrack. Brilliant!! When some people get their hands on a lot of money they do whatever the hell they want, taking all the "artistic" liberties they please. Poor Fitzgerald. I like both of the main actors but I won't even rent this when it comes out on DVD. 

I'll be honest, aside from the excessive (and distracting) CGI, the trailer looked much better once I muted the audio.
That autotuned contemporary music playing in the background better NOT be a reflection of the movie soundtrack, because I will RAISE HELL if it did. This movie's supposed to be set in the 1920s, and the music does NOT help set the time period. Then again, this film's made by the same guy who directed "Moulin Rogue", so my hopes are dim. 

I am not looking forward to this film.

Fuck Gosling, DiCaprio is perfect for this part.

Yes.

Oh yeah. A movie about unattainable, statuesque love and the height and decadence of the roaring '20s definitely copied BioShock (which copied Ayn Rand first, you illiterate jackass).

read the book first.

is tom played by that guy out of the warrior?

Ryan Gosling should have been cast as Gatsby

I get so excited for it every single time

@CBoneSImWolf Nick (Spiderman) is her cousin i think and helps gatsby out with the woman. 

@CBoneSImWolf Its about the twenties in united states, the rich people lifestyle and of a man who became rich to win the love of a married woman. thats extremely basic but at school we loved the story.

@CBoneSlmWolf Read the book , I'm not going to tell you. or sparx notes it

Untrue to the book? If the trailer is any indication it's sticking quite true to it. 

what the fuck is this story about ??

0:31 lol.. saw amitabh bacchhan there....... 

This is the sixth attempt to make a movie of The Great Gatsby. Will it be any more successful capturing the elusive essence of Fitzgerald's novel, a soap opera of transcendent language?

Nuthin jewish at all abt an Indian.

The first song is "No church in the wild" - there are various versions of it
The second song is "Love is Blindness" by Jack White

What are the songs in the trailer?

All the people arguing about the trailer not being truthful to the book:

It's a movie! It's art! You should support the new addings to the story and the stunning scenes that this film will offer! I think this picture will be great, but you don't need to see it with such a critical eye as some of you guys. Just enjoy what Baz Luhrmann made of this story.


Even though I'm a fan of the song No Church In The Wild, it really wasn't used well in the trailer. however, Jack White's love is blindness fits the trailer and tone perfectly. Definitely had that sleeper Oscar hit feel.

What the fuck was that? "New York: 1922" and then suddenly I hear some T-Pain auto-tune bullshit? I hope this movie flops so fucking hard..


I think I need to throw up, what the hell ?


nothing says great gatsby like no church in the wild from jay z and kany west

Studied the book and watched the movie, looks like the older version portrays it better in my view, pshh spiderman :P

The finest piece of nepotistic favoritism I've seen in a while. Well....not really.

Can't wait to see this movie it looks awesome.

This looks sick! i hope it doesn't disappoint though!

if you knew baz luhrman was directing and you complained about the new music stop trolling..he does it in very movie he makes

Jack White covering U2's Love Is Blindness.

Can't wait to see DiCaprio get shot at the end, ha ha !

From what I see, the trailer is accurate to the book. anyone know what that song in the second half the trailer is?

Hey, it's Jack Dawson and Spiderman listening to a U2 song.

What. The. Fuck. 

I'd rather see Anna Karenina

Fucking Epic

I saw this trailer in 3D last night. The 3D effect is amazing. It's beautifully shot.
I usually associate 3D with Digital Animation or sci-fi/action movies, so it's interesting to see this genre in 3D.

I wasn't sure about the trailer until 1:55 and then CHILLSSS, oh wow!  Those goddamn eyes of Dr. T J Eckleburg get me every time

SONG NAME NO CHURCH IN WILD

ITS BAZ LUHRMANN YOU TWATS!!! Of course its not going to be 100% true to the book nor is the music going to be strictly 20s!!! The point is to see the artistic direction this brilliant director takes this story in. If it was some carbon copy or replica of the tragic novel then it would be Baz fucking Luhrmann!!! 

yes. he finally got a job in Hollywood.

Movies know how to make a well known novel look glorious, doesn't it.

Amitabh Bachchan

The actress are no good.Neither is Buchanan & other minor characters.It appears more of a Moulin Rouge ,period art movie than the making of a tragedy.Bad gonnegtion ,really bad gonnegtion.

Yup

no church in the wild

brad pitt might be too young for this role and it is hard to see him as a man in the 90s

Vincent Chase starred in this.

That was a crappy book and movie... I don't know why they would remake it >.<

This looks amazing.

I wouldn't have minded to see Brad Pitt as Gatsby. He has that sense of confidence that  DiCaprio doesn't always grasp in his portrayals, plus Pitt looks more and more like Robert Redford everyday.

Two words: Baz Luhrmann

WOW!!can't wait to watch it....is that Amitabh bacchan??:/

Lol i was just about to say, i didn't know they had auto tune back then lol

AIDLJFLKSJDLKJOCIJLKEJLjk wtf i'm not sure if i'm going to love this movie or freaking hate it, But i do know i will watch it. just seriously got done reading the last chapter and watched the older movie. It looks like it has some things that were left out of the old movie but also looks like they added to it..... HMMMMMM!! idfk man idk

I CAN'T WAAAAAIIIITT TILL THIS MOVIE COMES OUT!!!

This music is not at all 1920s. 

I wanna see it it looks amazing in 3d

Church in the Wild - Jay Z & Kanye

what is the name of the song that plays in the beginning?


if you mean after 1:00 it's Love is Blindness by Jack White

Fejsel its No Church in the wild

when exactly does the movie come out?

Seems untrue to the book... Slightly disappointed with the trailer but I'll still watch.

untrue to the book looks like shit


love leo...but not as gatsby...but I will still see it.


This trailer reminds me of Moulin Rouge definitely .
btw Leo's so hot!!

I don't get it. 

I'm mesmorised by that Art Deco font

wow, lucky guy


The scenery looks so beautiful!  Fitzgerald will be proud!!

this is exactlly how I pictured the book.OMG!

might be the point...

I'm reading the book atm!

Can't wait, I love Toby maguire

the music doesnt fit for shit! 

leo still looks just as good 


oh shit almost cried watching this amazing trailer.. so excited to watch this movie.. didn't like the book as much.. but this movie has definitely gave the book some color to my mental pictures. <3
planning on watching this at the midnight premier.. 

What really makes me want to watch this movie is that this is only Leo's 3rd romantic movie.  He may not want to be a romantic leading man but he comes across as a romantic figure, a man who inspires love not just lust and materialism in women.

This movie looks to portray style over substance. But I'll give it a view. I liked the book, so I may like this adaptation

"the restlessness approached hysteria."
that pretty much sold it to me haha can't wait for this!

And I forgot Jean Louis Trintignant for "Amour." Which just recently won the coveted Palme' De' Or. 

Let's hope, my current prediction is John Hawkes for "Session's" 
Daniel Day lewis for "Lincoln"
Philip seymour hoffman for "The Master"
Bill Murray for "Hyde on hudson park"
Leonardo Dicaprio for "Gatsby."

Hugh Jackman for "Les Miserables" as well as Brad Pitt for "Killing them softly."   And lastly I'll give Martin Freeman a nom. for Bilbo Baggins in "The hobbit." Simply because im a fan of jackson and tolkien(:

The second song is a U2 cover of Love is Blindness by Jack White!

Yes I haven't seen tobey Maguire in a film in long time

@ANeonTiger Forgot to say spoiler alert

0:20 what the fuck kind of dancers are those in the 1920s? XD

First song : Jay Z & Kanye West - No church in the wild 
Second song: Jack White - Love is blindness 
:)

SOOO EXCITED

Best trailer Ive ever seen!!So excited!


Leo and Carey! this movie is definitely on my watch list Looks like another perfect classic in ... 3d this time! ahahahaha

Wheres the hydroplane???

Too bad Gatsby dies in the end.

They could have used more authentic music in the trailer :/

this movie looks sooo aweful! imo!!

the zebra is a floating pool toy,  air-filled...

what is the rating?

even if they started getting popular around the 1930s that doesn't mean they didn't have wristwatches. First mechanical wristwatch, 1923.  I doubt that wristwatches looked like the one in the video but Gatsby is supposed to be mr big shit, prime mover of the upper class...so it's not that unbelievable.  Of course, this doesn't mean there aren't other anachrnoistic elements in the movie haha 

Já estava na hora...

"Sorriu compreensivamente - muito mais do que compreensivamente. Era um desses sorrisos raros que tem em si algo de segurança eterna, um desses sorrisos que a gente talvez depare quatro ou cinco vezes na vida. Um sorriso que, por um momento, encarava - ou parecia encarar - todo o mundo eterno, e que depois se concentrava na gente com irresistível expressão de parcialidade a nosso favor. Um sorriso que compreendia a gente até o ponto que a gente queria ser compreendido, que acreditava na gente."

i hope so! he was 3 times nominated and never win one , i hope next year it will be diffrent!!


Because fuck you.


So true and you can be nominated twice at the oscars because meryl streep and other big actors and actresses like that have been nominated twice in one night but it would be just amazing if he won both of them in the same night because that would make him the first actor or actress in history to win two oscars in one night and that is true about kate winslet but that was at the golden globes but she did deserve it because she did such amazing work in those two wonderful films!

Hmmm, i am a watch guy and I am pretty sure they started to get popular around the 1930s.  They were modeled after pilots that could not, or did not want to use pocket watches for time...

They were probably VERY rich...that's the only explanation i can think of lol

yeah they did. They started to become fashionable in WW1.

They did not wear wrist watches back then....

I see what you did there, old sport.

the funny thing was we had to read great Gatsby for english and i couldnt even get to the 3rd page yet this trailer makes it look so interestingg ! Leonardo DiCaprio can make every movie better 

They become friends...... well at start not really.....ITS COMPLICATED LOL

Especially because race is such an important issue in the book itself!

I hate it when film makers glorify the past in a way that is untrue. 

mmm in 1922 blacks and whites are partying together ?? seems interesting

Why the heck is this in 3D though? I remember seeing Men In Black III in 3D, and this trailer came up... Halfway through the trailer I finally remembered my 3D glasses were on... Then I was like, wait...Why is a drama in 3D??

Jack White.

Was that U2 singing Love Is Blindness, or was it someone else, cuz it is not the original version.

"I wish I had done everything on earth, with you..." Hot line. <3 Baz Luhrman and Leonardo DiCaprio. All in all looks like a must see.

they become friends and he relies on him to help him bring daisy back into his life

its just my opinion, and i dont need to see the movie to know.. just based on this trailer

Having read the book, I think this looks quite good. Luhrmann isn't pretending to be literal, and is playing to his strengths (opulent set designs, costumes, soaring melodrama, and appropriate anachronisms) in a way that compliments the book. 

Is this like.. shutter Island the beginning? it's the same lady and leo right? and that mighty manor thingy.. 

Can't wait to watch this.

Gatsby to Nick:

Hey I just met you,
and this is crazy,
but go and telephone
your cousin Daisy


see 2:20

I miss old

Leonardo DiCaprio

@n1kol4y love is blindness by jack white

@RuaridhLMC  :O did not even think of that! i am very upset about this now. Get the details right people!

I don't like this Daisy :(

I CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS... DiCaprio as Gatsby? I can die in peace now

So stylized that I don't give a shit.

WTF MY AD IS BUFFERING!!! 

It's clearly a blow-up toy. 

the music really added to the trailer's intensity, great use!!

yeah.. seems like your the only one. :)

well, that was much sexier looking than what i read. not too bad looking though.

1:48 When Gatsby so nervous about meeting Daisy he stands out in the rain ^.^

I really don't know what you're talking about. Be a weirdo to like a film so bloody weird? How's it weird?

Yup, just another guy with bad taste. Don't worry tho, you're not alone. I'm sure there's a LOT of you knuckle heads.

Can someone please tell me what is the name of the song that starts at 1:10

am I the only one who thinks this looks terrible?

Gatsby, you had my curiosity. But now you have my attention.

Gatsby. What Gatsby?

Fitzgerald's writing style isn't minimalism...There isn't as much juxtaposition as you may suppose.

The visual style is stunning...I'd pay to see that

I don't think this is the remake of the original Gatsby movie, i believe this is the interpretation of the book/film for this generation...

Very very average trailer. Most of the shots are pretty average - 

This seems like a "Bollywood made" kinda love story set 1920s to get something different. 

only Plus point - leo looks great...


First Song: "No Church in the Wild ft Kayle West, Frank Ocean, and Jay Z" 
Second Song: "Love is Blindness" by Jack White (U2 Cover)

Jordan Baker always looks better than Daisy in films...

i thought daisy had blue eyes?

when DiCaprio starts talking at 0:56.. it reminded me of shutter island....same face, same tone of voice. Love him!

The Great Gatsby is one of the books that really amazed me it was recommended for me from my brother and i thank him for have making me read it. Im glad they made it into a movie :)

i dnt get what its about/im thinking its about crime but idk

what's the name of the second song?

This has been one of the books on my list that they need to make a movie for. Now all they need is The Giver and a remake of Fahrenheit 451!!!

lol....The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite books. I was one of the few in my class that was actually reading it.

You don't say! I couldn't tell from your masterful grasp of the English language. Tell me, is everyone as overcompensating as you are in your country, or are the both of you just wanking one another over the internet to overcompensate for the fact that you're isolated among your own nationalities? Get the fuck over yourselves.

the bests friends toby and leo ... together gonna be good

Feat. Jay Z :D

Looks amazing. Also, im still very amused by Tobey's prepubescent yelling :D

maybe because you are in USA ...what to expect!!! in my country in mandatory...and i am in Europe...

at least your class read it my classmates whined so much (we didn't even get the book yet) that the teacher played the movie and they whined about that so she stopped it half way and went on to the next thing :( 

The green light, the liquor, the cream colored car, and the eyes of Dr. T.J. Eckleburg that is the whole book in just 4 descriptions of symbolism throughout the book. ;)  I read the book and loved it. Now, I can't wait for the movie, and I hope it is as good as the movie.

No Church In The Wild by Kanye West

it´s gonna be in 3d? What a shame, another bad movie for a great book. I guess Lady Gaga is gonna be in the soundtrack

@TheCheesyProductions its gods eyes.....West and East Egg..... School reports -_-

Gatsby's personification is necessary in a time of economic collapse, woe, and monetary misery, even if it means lifting up our spirits by a diminutive fragment. 

Oh he'll definitely secure a nomination for Djanjo Unchained, although im not entirely certain if you can have too nominee's, regardless of separate categories.  But last I recall, the same situation occured to Kate Winslet for The Reader and Revolutionary Road.  Although I am 100% sure, that Leo will shine all other potential performances.  The character of Gatsby parallels the contemporary American dream of wealth, hardship, prosperity, sacrifice and persistence. 

Lol intelligent? you can barely spell kid. " I READ DA BOOOOKK." Oh and you have a runoff sentence, and four periods isn't necessary. 

Someone just can't get over me<3

Lol Someone's mad. 

Haha! that's so true, I was like your missing out.

what's the second song please ? ;)

It's called motherfucker by motherfucker :)

@xxprincessxx2006 thank you so much!

Omg spiderman!

love is blindess - jack white.

It's going to be intriguing, watching Carey play such a distaste woman.

1:09 - IT'S GATSBY'S LEGENDARY SMILE.

I know the first song but what the second one they play??

no church in the wild , search in YouTube
 

What are the names of the songs?

Looks amazing

Looks stupid compared to the original movie...

Perhaps they need a teacher who can educate them instead of labeling them idiots.

Look at Mr. Obvious.

Lol, hemaddddd. And it's a mental rehabilitation center, wards are so 70's. 

1:55 omg those glasses.
dat symbolism xD

the whole book is during the summer, why is it coming out on christmas. the story has a summery feel to it!

@pepeina11 - yes, definitely read it. I am 17 and it is one of my favorite books. I would recommend reading it through twice because it can be a little confusing the first time, but the second time it makes much more sense.

Mark My Words, Leonardo Dicaprio will definitely win an oscar for next years oscars, my prediction is that he will be nominated twice for best supporting actor for django unchained, and best actor for the great gatsby. It would be amazing if he won the golden globes and the bafta too, as he doesnt get enough credit for his amazing work GO LEO!!!!!! 

Can Leonardo Di Caprio win an Academy Award now?

Can't wait for this!

Will this book be appropriate for me to read if I'm 14? From what I've heard of the story, it sounds quite interesting and I would really like to read it.

hopefully, the movie is only jazz, you know, how F. Scott would have wanted it?

I love when people try to use 3 syllable or longer words on YouTube and use them completely wrong. Always makes me laugh my ass off. 

In case you're wondering what I'm talking about...a lot of the comments on this trailer is what I'm talking about.

I am reading the book for my Honor's class. it looks so much like how I imagined. It's perfect. I am speechless!

L2R, "To each his own Retard, To each his own."

To each his own, retard. To each his own.  


Also, the Great gatsby is an allegorical work of literature, not an auto-biography, so again thanks for alleviating my argument.  Because quite frankly fitzgerald didn't HAVE TO STUDY SHIT, but he chose too. God your a moron.

LOL, your first comment is probably the most goddamned absurd and ludicrous thing i've ever read. Um he obviously captured the spirit of the 20's, he wrote a damn book about it?  so your saying that reading is pointless? you really are a fucking moron, and im done with this ridiculous exert of my intellect. Later troll. Go bash on someone else's literature, loser.

No I quoted the culminating summary and thesis of the novella's essence, fucktwad. Jesus, your rhetoric is so diminutive, even a fly can sum up a better counter defense than you.  Yet, you have nothing to back your argument, except "the story is shit"? well does your perspective generalize the ENTIRE literary world? NO. Have you published a novel? NO. So in essence, stfu and learn to combat a logical argument, your fucking pathetic. 

And who gives a fuck that I wasn't alive? That's completely irrelevant, jesus your a fucktwad. Go tell historians, that their professions dont mean shit? or SCI FI writers who've never went to the cosmic reaches of the space.  Even a fucking monkey has better rhetoric than you kid.


@Vampire I like grapes.

LOL not even the same conceptulization dumbass. That's like saying Pie, and Dick is the same thing, jesus refrain from your overt arbitrary rhetoric, your fucking pathetic. 

 For a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder."-  And that is what propelled this novel too literary excellence, that raw, emotional and sincere truth. THEREFORE once again, have fun fapping to your sci-fi literature.  I'm done with you, you depraved and invidious child.

And lastly, as a work of modernism, which was a revolutionary writing style, defiant of objectivity and managing to captivate THEIR contemporary lifestyle.  Fitzgerald captured the aesthetic beauty, cynicism, hatred, materialism, capitalism, grandeur, extravagance, and uncertain ambiguity of the decadent 20's following the GREAT DEPRESSION.  So before I conclude, I leave you with an excerpt of that novella's beautiful homage to the modern contemporary dream. 

Aha three objections to your ridiculous rant.  First, I never stated in any previous statement, not ONCE that the Great Gatsby was REVOLUTIONARY, oh god if your talking revolutionary, pick up some Orwellian, Poe, or Shakespeare kid.  Second, The great Gatsby HAS an endearing legacy, because of it's sincere depiction, and multitude of thematic elements that encompassed this novella.  It depicted man's perseverance through the sweat of his brow and moral fiber, a common specialty of modernism.  

In no way shape or form will this movie ever reach the depth and antiquity as the book does, none the less I find this movie intriguing. It's like NYC in 2100 with a 1920's twist to it. And though im not a fan of Tobey Maguire I thik (from what i've seen) his role is identical to how i imagined Nick. Something worth seeing. 

Inferiority repelled by the notion of  articulate intelligence, what happened to contemporary society?


FUCK OFF, HOLLYWOOD. 

1:20 "i've never seen such beautiful shirts." always made me laugh for some reason ((: 

you just had a brilliant idea,old sport

I don't go to the school in US and we have to read the book for our external exams (IGCSE'S) and that's a lot of kids.


Lol infantile arguments? an infantile uses words like disillusionment, ethical egoism and moral bankruptcy.  Does not compute.  

The masses have spoken, you my fine feathered friend are naught but a singular entity.  You really are alone thinking Gatsby isn't a literary masterpiece.  Again, have fun fapping to secondrate sci-fi fantasy, "Junk" (as my university professor addresses it) literature. 

cool, thanks for telling youtube how much of a bitch you are! :)  Fuck off.

Wow, nice comment. Now i'm hoping your wordchoice will impress more people than yourself.

GATSBY DIES!!

Why a Jay Z song for a film in 1929


Kanye West - No Church in the Wild
Jack White - Love is Blindness


Hmm, lots of flash, sparkle, noise, money, and yeah baby, sex.
Wonder if it gets to the heart of the matter.  The green lantern and the lesson it speaks to Gatsby and for all of those who seek the glitter.  And if it expounds on Nicks reflection, that the quiet wholesomeness of the Midwest beats the Eastern elite spotlight.  Doubt the addition of 3D will add to the truths that made this novel a classic, but the breasts should look splendid.

what are the names of theses songs??

anyone think about Gatsby hair products?

bollywood superstar MR.AMITABH BACHAN 

Dig that rocking '20s soundtrack!

kanye west feat jay z - no church in the wild

It's only a spoiler alert if you went to high school outside the US. The rest of us have read it. LOL


spoiler alert: daisy gets shot

I HAAAVVVEEE TO WATCCHHH THIIIISSSS

you're welcome

I am SOOO excited for this!! 

I think one of the important things that the director would have focussed on is gettting an actor who possesses the famous Gatbsy smile that Carraway refers to so often in the novel and at 1:09 DiCaprio seems to have prefected it.

thanks for ruining it you dick

What's the song at the very beginning

gatsby dies.. sorry, forgot to say spoiler alert

0:18 ... dope zebra?

- Who sings that song?! 
- Jack White, old sport.

Jack White!

oh my god oh my god oh my god

Well I can't wait to see this, I think the trailer is brilliant! I studied Great Gatsby and loved it 

2:07 I actually know the actor who plays the butler in that scene

This is not an adaptation of the Fitzerald novel.It is a Leonardo diCaprio film that happens to be based on the Great Gatsby

I watch this trailer filled with people with class and a certain romance, then I look at people's comments filled with foul language and infantile arguments.  How degrading to think society has evolved in such a way.
I wouldn't have expected such comments on a film pitched at adults.  Music videos and comic book flicks perhaps.

Gatsby is my most favorite novel. Filmmakers, i dare you, i double dare you to fail this epic adaption !

Callan mcaullife isn't showing wherever Iook!! This is upsetting

tobey thumbs down LEONARDO THUMBS UP! the original movie was fine but i enjoyed the book a bit more and this is something i would really enjoy watching! :) thank you english teacher hehe

Does this really have to be in 3D?

Aha, you obviously have failed to read the majority of my comments filled with a multitude of vernacular, it's okay too admit your in the wrong here, DIPSHIT.  Kthnxbai.

I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TRAILER
I DID MY WAITING12 YEARS OF IT
IN AZKABAN

Yeah Ethical Egoism normally is, geez your an idiot, go back to fapping to your horrendous "Amber Chronicles." While me and the rest of the world appreciate a literary and cinematic marvel, dipshit. Kthnxbai<3

Oh and John Milton, Dante Alighieri, Tolkien, Robert Carver, Poe, Hawthorne kinda guy as well. LOL get your pseudo intellectual, fantasy junk literature out of this video troll. 

LOL you have a frail, futile and narrow minded interpretation of literature.  Read any scholarly and academically credible essay on this novel, it's a fucking literary masterpiece for it's time.  Even economic lobbyists, filmmakers, and writers cite the superiority of this novel. If you can only comprehend the blatant symbolism, than your lost.  Read the book again, get some literary credentials and THAN come and talk to me. 

Eh i'm a Hemingway, Conrad, Wiesel, Orwellian, Huxley, Steinbeck, Pound, Eliot, Fitzgerald kinda guy.

old sport.

It's a tale of unrequited love, post-depression angst and disillusionment, also moral bankruptcy, sacrifice etc. Learn to comprehend thematic elements dumbass.

The second song is jack white love is blindness

@bkallmighty jack white- love is blindness

CAREY! guys, please don't bag on her performance after two and a half minutes of footage; she has so much talent and ability she can pull ANYTHING off. i get chills every time i finish watching this trailer. 

OMG CAREY MULLIGAN!

Tobey will be amazing as Nick,i'm sure :') 

Knowing Baz's style, this will probably be the "queer" version of Great Gatsby-----That Nick is a closeted homo and that Jordan is a latent lesbian, and that Gatsby has bi-sexual tendencies.  That New York City became the Queer Capital in the Jazz Age...I'm sure that will be the subtext, if not THE text....I saw recently some of the '74 Gatsby film.  Aside from Redford's stiff performance, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Mia Farrow sure got ugly over the years since she made that.

No church in the wild - kanye west, jay-z 

2:12 jizz face.

Luhrman and DiCkhatPrio  cant go wrong

OMG....it looks so Steampunk!!! :D

Hmm read the book and watched the '74 version....let's see how this goes, hopefully good :o

Funny how people are knocking this movie after a 2 minute preview. Im sure even if it were an exact word for word adaptation of it people would still find reason to complain. Thats the way people are...

Aww, Sally Sparrow (Carey Mulligan) is Daisy!

no church in the wild its jayz and kanye

whats the name of the jay-z/kanye west song beginning the trailer

I love the book and this traiiler does feel a little weird for those who know the novel... but maybe it's a different take on the story and the characters... I'll not judge until i see the movie. The 1974 version is very disapointing imo.

Does everyone hate this movie or something?

Ew..I cannot believe they are doing this. The first and original movie did much better than this will. I can already see all the fakes and posers jumping all over Gatsby like they've known about it forever. I can't describe how sickened and upset I am.

I vote Jake jylinhal Would have made a fitting Nick or Gatsby. Phauque Dicrapio 

This is with out a doubt the best commercial or trailer I have ever seen!

O no read a whole book about the 20's first then and Fitz Gerlad life story. Then I wrote a one page anylasis paper for every chapter, one page on every charecter, and 5 pages on the metaphors and symbolism's meaning in the book. Love AP english. O yes I read it.

I wouldn't generally listen to that type of music but I think it suits the trailer well.

Baby?! What baby?!

Hope this will be better than the one in 1974 :/

In it for Callan and the story line is amazing :) SO watching this <3

@isdm5130 no church in the wild

I love this trailer and I think the music goes perfectly well with it...it's modern being mixed with the 20's..like rock music and violins...it's strange, but it goes together beautifully. This trailer is one of the best I've seen this year. I just know this film is going to get Oscar buzz.

Love is giving someone your Garlic Bread.

baz is an unbelievably over the top director, i cant take any of his movies seriously due to the overly eccentric flaming gay style...

music doesn't go with the movie, its too modern especially with the time its being set in. I'd read the book though, its a great read

what is the name of the kanye west song they played in the beginning of the song

The music clashes. I hate it.

I can't stop watching this, I'm pretty sure all the 5 million views are from me :p

this movie is gonna be awesome!!!!!!!!!!

I don't like the music in the trailer..doesn't suit 

DiCaprio's acting at 2:12 is priceless

can someone tell me the missing part? 

the buildings were higher, the parties were bigger , the ********** , and the liquor was cheaper. 

Elizabeth Debicki Is Hot!!

I still find it ironic that there is a Jay-z and Kanye song in a trailer for The Great Gatsby, I know it's the director things, but it's still funny 

reasons i won't watch this- 1. autotuning in the trailer 2. color saturation 3. tobey maguire 

god i hope there won't be any shitty autotune/dubstep/techno "music" in the actual movie -.-

oh, but for the drugs you must be on to take this out of context.. 

I completely get what you're saying. We can only hope they get it right, because introducing this to a new age that read this book, by default, w/o appreciating its novelty... as well as older generations that know this story who don't appreciate the lacking in today's Hollywood... would be an absolute win. And it can probably encourage other adaptations (here's hoping for Fahrenheit 451).

its a trailer that tries to attract the MODERN age

Uh, I'm not sure of the name of the songs, look in the comments, I think someone named them earlier.

SHHH!!  SPOILERS!! DDDD:

The shirt throwing kind of happened in the book, didn't it. I may not be remembering correctly though. 

I think what they mean by capturing the age is capturing what this age was remembered for, which is the world in which the book takes place. The other situations you named don't apply here. 

Your opinion is of course valid as is everyone's, but books and films are two entirely different art forms and therefore have to be different.  Also, the Jazz Age is misleading in the sense that everyone experienced the 20's in a different way, so you cannot really capture an "age" for everyone.  Black, white, rich, poor... no one had the same experience. 

I wish they had played some better music. If it's a jazzy era then why not put Jazz in the trailer. Seriously.

watched this trailer twice now, and i agree... the actors based on their past reputations seemed to be a good cast, but no one really captures the character's feelings. especially daisy and tom. i think they were also trying to romanticize the jazz age as an era of wonderful confusion,but that takes away from the essence of the book.

i did my exam on this book todayy!! essay question was about how America in the 1920s was a classless society.:D..think it went well...:P..cant wait til seee this flim!..a level english..<3..<3..;).

what are the songs on the trailer? I saw it in the cinema earlier, but my internet connection is really bad meaning this video won't play, and I want to know what songs were on the trailer haha. :)

Reading the comments on this trailer, I'm beginning to wonder if I'm completely alone in my opinion of the novel. I studied this book for English last year, and I found it to be horrendous! I liked the message behind it, but I found it bland and badly written, scenes were over-described and the narration was unrealistic to me. Am I the only one?

That being said, I'm really looking forward to this film. I love Leo and most of the scenes from the trailers are how I imagined them. :D

I concur.

I wonder if they'll use the color symbolism in this movie like they did in the book.

I am really looking forward to this one... Even though I am fairly sure that it cannot compete with the actual novel.

Even the narration in the trailer doesn't sound like the book at all. 

I just don't feel that you can make a gritty reboot of The Great Gatsby. I might go see it anyway, but I'm just not feeling it. I did enjoy the Robert Redford version, not sure about this.

This is exactly like when they remade Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, turning it into some 3D visual, colorful, all nonsense and fluff design. @_@ I don't know if I will be able to enjoy but I can at least attempt to give this film a shot, but there is no way, I believe, it will ever be able to surpass the original.  No one, not even Dicaprio can top over Robert Redford. :D

As far as the Jazz Age goes, maybe it's not perfect to that age, but that really doesn't hinder me from wanting to see the movie at all.

This looks great, I'm sure I'll enjoy the movie.

The soundtrack I like as well, screw you if you think otherwise.

People need to get off their high horses about this movie not fulfilling some literary standards....it's a movie, it's going to be different.

Also, @PanSavvy.."The thing about the Great Gatsby is that the words and the descriptions are what really make the story."...umm, video makes descriptions and words come to life before your eyes, so I doubt this movie will be lacking.



...the last time I checked there wasn't any autotune in the Jazz Age. ¬_¬ From the trailer the aphetic looks disappointing.

No Church in the Wild - Kanye West & Jay Z 

reserving judgements is a matter of infininite hope...

whats the song right at the start?

Where is there a sanitarium in the book? Did I miss that part, or did Baz Luhrmann just add it himself?

All the past eight have been mindblowing to say the least. What are you, nuts?

Looks fascinating....I just hope they didn't let DiCaprio ruin yet another great idea for a film.  His epic work in Titanic is running out of steam one film at a time.  Perhaps, he can move on to a new era of great work and we can forget about the last eight he was in!  
C'mon Gatsby, make it right!!

James Gatz

The book and this movie deserve each other. 

Leonardo DiCarprio... Sexiest man alive. Greatest actor in our time.. I fckin' love him! This movie needs to hurrrry that ass up.

I went to a private church school.

That part when he's throwing shirts he looked like Jack. 

glande

spyderman is back , Leonardo DiCaprio is the focal point of the film , and its a atmosphere of 1800 :))  I like this trailer !

Please, say me the name of the starting song and the other song

the buildings were taller in the 20s than before please tell me you understood that and did not mistake it for meaning the buildings were taller 90 years ago than today... lolz

He has been screwed atleast twice maybe 3 times... (Departed, Catch Me If You Can, Inception-meh/shutter island-meh/aviatior maybe / gangs of new york maybe)


They took the song from Safe House. But it soft of works doesn't it old sport?

the buildings were taller my ass...

My all-time favorite book brought to the big screen with such amazing actors, music, colors... I've died and gone to heaven! 

What's Spiderman doing there ? 

i know its unlikely but based on this trailer and the trailer for django unchained both of leo's performances look amazing. is it entirely impossible for an actor to walk away with oscars for best lead actor and best supporting actor? it looks possible but like i said probably unlikely

I get your point but everyone has different taste in books. Maybe some people like a romantic twist like Twilight and maybe some people like a mixture like The Hunger Games. And agreed, the Great Gatsby is a great book :D

ok this is ridiculous. the music is ridiculously anachronistic. it looks grossly sensationalized in contrast to flowing and lyrical and tensed atmosphere of the book. I hope daisy has been captured rightly in this one. the acting must be nuanced because she's highly layered character- a shallow butterfly to a deep thinking player. I'm sure DiCaprio has done a fine job in it. But if they can't truly capture the essence of the book, must they Hollywood-ize it? 

Uhm, high school usually require that every student reads this book before they graduate...I had it. 

Bezveze Film... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

why does toby act like he's still playing a peter parker role? 

I love how Amitahb Bachan is in this movie. That man kicks ass whether he is in Hollywood or Bollywood.

whats the name of the song at the end of the triler


well, there are like 4 other GG movies..

Fuck off asshole. I'm not a geeky bookworm that's read every novel.Im just sayin the trailer doesnt explain the plot.

This trailer gets better with every viewing. The actors look great and Jack White's vocals are perfect.

When it comes to intensity Dicaprio has got it down. 2:12.

i imagined daisy to be hotter

fuck i wish this came out already i have an exam in like 3 hours about the great gatsby the book :S  haven't read a page gonna sparknote that shit...


yah lol 

i have wathced this 10 times, get shivers every single time, this looks so amazing!!!!!!!!!!


This thing here is called "a movie". This "movie" thing is meant to be imaginary, and made for amusement of people who watch it, and not as a tool of portraying places and times realistically.

Correction: Anyone think that the director used SparkNotes to script this movie?

He knows exactly how the 20s looked like - but he doesn't give a damn

No Church in the Wild ft.. Frank Ocean by Jay Z & Kanye West- Watch the throne :)

@callhelpwnage it was cheaper. they were selling illegal booze for cheap.

@Swat32898 no church in the wild.jayz and kanye west and frank ocean

i thought isla fisher was helena bonham carter

leo looks so constipated

Finally after waiting for Baz Luhrmann to make another movie for years, it's almost here! 

Anyone know the song in the very beginning?

no one would know what the 1920's looked like you idiot. its a fantasy. its film. it's what you make of it. 

i have yet to see a well cast tom

ad block

what is known is what sells movie tickes

962 people have church in the wild

musiccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc the best partttttttttttttttttttttt +)

A commercial to watch a commercial, thanks Youtube.

Well, at least Wilson seems to be as I imagined him. 2:08

When I think of Wolfsheim, I think of the guy from the Dos Equis commercials. 

When I was reading the book, there was always poppy auto-tuned music playing in my head. I'm glad they picked up on that vibe.

Well, all we can interpret of the cinematography is what we see in the trailer. It will be a lot different in the film.. 


no she was a brunette

he is a liar though...

do you? 

We'd better see some serious Eckleburg in this movie. For Gatsby to work, Eckleburg needs to burn into your soul.

Oscar for Leo 

Daisy had dark hair...

well said.

you never saw a baz luhrmann film, right? 

ahhh. love love love the book :)

Baz Luhrmann is never conventional, but he knows how to create the illusion of a specific period or era. Having said that not everyone understands his style or appreciates his style of work. 

Carraway isn't a pussy

The reason "the drunk in the Library" a/k/a Owl Eyes knows Gatsby is a fake is b/c the books in the Library have uncut pages (in other words, the books were never read). go back and read Fitzgerald, it's all in his novel. 

I think Jordan Baker was a blonde in the book, just like Daisy is a blonde.

Where's Celine Dion ?  Oh, thank Heaven, she's not singing on the soundtrack!

I like the way the actor portrays Nick Carraway.

Redford always has a potato chip up his ass -- he was a horrible Jay Gatsby.

Considering you'd have to be in your 90s, yeah I don't think he must have been around back then.

"The filmmaker will create his own distinctive visual interpretation of the classic story, bringing the period to life in a way that has never been seen before" Read the description then make random assumptions of a film based on a two and a half minute trailer.

carey mullygin <3

Ehm, I think you should check out Romeo + Juliet. Buz (the director) isn't quite attached to eras

tobby and leo come on man oscar...

looks more like the 1930's

of course he knows what the 1920s looked like...it's just he doesn't care. It's called artistic licence


where the fuck is Callan McAuliffe here?

The Apple logo is in the lower, right corner.

That's Baz for you...everything is colorful and ADHD.

0.20 = me!

Oscar for LEO???

no church in the Wild....kanye and jay z badasss!!!

I did... for school, such a boring book but the movie looks great :) 

anyone else get the feeling that the director of this film has no idea what the 1920s looked like?

"Love Is Blindness" is the perfect song for the trailer.  Good job!

guys gatsby dies at the end and the moral is all about illusion

Obviously not the producer....

it looks too spiced up

Christmas can't get here fast enough

Amazing cinematography! Especially from 0:49-0:58. Beautiful! 

I finished the book a few days ago and it was amazing, I was already pretty excited for the movie but now I'm even more excited :) 

Hah. Thank you, I'm usually credited with purging the discussion of any!

Haha i was expecting director: M. Scorcese and Vinny Chase to be the lead actor :P

OH MY FUCKING GOD HOLLYWOOD, IF YOU RUIN THIS OR CHANGE THE STORY IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM I WILL MAKE YOU ALL BLEED. YOU HAVE FUCKED UP SO MUCH SHIT ALREADY

Lol and when Myrtle shattered the window in that film I fell out laughing!

? Gatsby isn't English, he only went abroad to Oxford briefly. He's an American.He's from North Dakota. Didn't you read the damn book?

It's based on the book, you moron. By F. Scott Fitzgerald.

Leo got two premiers in one day.. Django and Gatsby

N9

this looks like a good movie. i want to read the booknfirst.

lol.

i cant remember. was gatsby a ww1 and mobster or one?

Gatsby is a Japanese hair product...

How many text overlays can one video have?

Lurhman is pretty good but Martin Scorsese would have been the perfect director...Baz sometimes puts things over the top in his movies and i dont want to see that happen here

baz lurhman has made my 2 favorite movies! can't wait to see what he will do next!

so excited! its not even funny!

"...old sport, we need you..."

I wouldn't put my money on it though...

True. True. That may just be the case.

Leonardo just strikes me as an insecure actor. Every one of his motions seems so uneasy. But that may just be me, as I've never met a person who'd agree w. me on that one. As for the parties, they were flashy, but for their time. They did not have dancers swinging off of chandeliers or anything of that sort. But, as one smart gentleman has already replied to me, this all may just be artistic license.  

Actually, it's more than possible that his parties were that flashy, he was trying to make people across a bay (Buchanans) notice it. And im not getting this "insecure" bit you're talking about... where does he look insecure?

What? WHAT? This is not how TGG is supposed to look like. The action there was menial. Gatsby was not physically insecure for a good 3/4 of the book. His parties were not THAT flashy. I will give them credit for a perfect Buchanan and Carraway. They nailed it in their regard. 

What on earth is that dreadful music? I hope it plays no part in the film.

Control your problem. It's spreading over here at Chicago as well.

that old guy is an indian actor, i forgot his name

it looks so sik in 3d

looks expensive

Gatsby in the book is from North Dakota.....

Oh, so that's the name of the song. Thanks. And yeah; this Jack White guy does do a fantastic job with it :D

Great book, let's hope this movie lives up to the story.

Ive seen two versions of this movie, and read the amazing, incredible book in school! I love how I can pick out all these little things in the trailer...the girls in yellow, the eyes of Doctor TJ Eckleberg, Wilson, and the yellow car...*chills* God, I am SO excited for this movie!

Love is Blindness performed by Jack White :-)

But yea, this trailer is so mind-blowing evertime I watch it. And I've probably watched this video around 24 times.

Lol you funny

*raises hand in the air* I have!!!!

Who here actually read the book? 

Why is there no jazz in the trailer?

I can't wait !

This looks incredible! I love all luhrmann's films ... cannot wait till christmas though :(

Oh. My. God. Leo has lost the weight he gained for Shutter Island and he is looking FINE as hell. I'm excited.

What the fuck is the movie about?

what is it meant to be, then? Gatsby in the book is English, and that's not Dicaprio's usual accent. When he says 'everything alright', for instance.

its not meant to be an english accent


love the smirk at 1:08

I hate Baz Luhrmann, and at first I didn't like this trailer, but now I can't stop watching it, and I'm actually excited for the film. I liked the original book, and the cast seems great. Hopefully the quirky, melodramatic Luhrmann style isn't overblown in this film, and more of a traditional route is taken.

that is the worst English accent ever by dicaprio

What is the song right at the beginning? 

Jack White Love is Blindness , anyone?

Looking forward to this so much! The first film sucked, the girl who played Daisy was batshit crazy.

They had me at Carey Mulligan. Fuck YES!

LA, 2012. The tempo of the city had changed ironically. The teenagers were higher. Parties were dumber. The nerds were louder and the tacos were cheaper. The residents approached hipsterdom.

????

the book is great

I loved the book and the first movie.. I hope its gonna be really good.. I know it looks good.

Love is blindness, a U2 song done by Jack White here. Jack White kicked this songs ass!!!!

The car shot at 1.50 seems really out of place. Kind of looks like a game (took me out of the trailer a bit). The rest is amazing!

an oscar


I'd honestly rather see Bill Murray win for FDR than see Leo win.

Yup, it was amitabh bachchan :)

Movie looks all over the place, and I hate that blonde bitch.

why do i feel like they are going to butcher the book

This looks INCREDIBLE.


Dicaprio isnt a good actor but he does good movies

Name of the second song ?

ohhhh gosh, no! You just can't compete with those types of classic movies. Gatsby hasn't had a pedestal film interpretation so far. I am all about remaking movies if they didn't do it well the first time around but those two you mentioned are so renown I'm fairly certain a remake would fall way short. 

Don't worry, it took me a few times to catch that myself, haha

this must have been based on a true story :) i should write a book! 

Black people were not slaves and yes, they did have jobs, but they were strictly banned from white society. Whites and blacks lived in one country, but in different worlds. Seeing whites and blacks partying together is historically incorrect. But these days, who cares.

Yes, an inflatable zebra. This is interesting because . . .

And the Oscar for best actor goes to ... LEONARDO DICAPRIO ! 

Megh, they're both good look-a-likes to the version in my head, but I think Tobey is as perfect as Waterston - and quite possibly more.

Daniel Day lewis is playing Lincoln, they may as well put his name on the Oscar now.

This is so weird. I just never read between the lines before. and I've no clue how I missed it. Yeah now Maguire makes sense to me. :/

Personally, I like your choices but I could never look at them the same if they played Nick... as for why, go look at the end of Chapter two and Nick's errrr.. interaction with McKee.

In case you haven't seen Moulin Rouge…that's probably not gonna happen

I can't wait for this to come out!

carey mulligan is beautiful

Thanks mate it helped :)

I hope they don't use all that pop music in the movie. I hope it stays true to a 1920's sort of atmosphere.

Yay for the book's cover picture poster!

he's actually the most under-rated actor in hollywood

whats the significance of the song? love is blindness?

I don't care how visually stunning it seems, this movie has bad news written all over it.

Two personal issues I've with the movie. Why cast Amitabh Bachhan as Wolfsheim? He can not ever play Jewish like Pacino did in The Merchant of Venice and seriously, he's going to overact in that small part that has been given to him and ruin it. Secondly, Tobey Maguire as Nick?!? - Why, oh why! ): Why not Depp, or Orlando or Christian Bale! :/   
But Yay for Leonardo as Gatsby! :D 

"No Church in the Wild"
by Jay-z and Kanye West
the music video is under  KanyeWestVEVO so it should be easy to find. Helpful? 

thought the exact same thing hahahaha


that was for Nick Carraway!!!

Neil from The Inbetweeners with a giant champagne bottle at 2:07

Wasn't Vincent Chase cast as Nick?

no vinny was nick

PERFECT CASTING ON GATSBY AND NICK, idk about Jordan and daisy though -.-

The first is "No Church In The Wild" which I belive is by Kanye West and Jay Z, but I'm not sure. The second is "Love Is Blindness" by Jack White, a remake of an older version of the song I think.

Baz Luhrman has got to be the worst director alive

Hey mate whats the song playing at the start?

OMG Amitabh Bachchan!!!

I really like the music that was used in this trailer. It suits it in a way. And if anyone wants to know the names, there are two comments below mine that say them. Or comment me back. Whatever works.

it's one of the only movies i liked watching in my English class next to Forrest gump

1:55- TJ eckleberg's eyes!!!

if leo doesnt win an oscar...il probs fuck some shit up...

ZEBRA IN ZEH POOL

This is what going to the movies is all about

All I pray is that they don't mess the book up and Leo gets an Oscar. Then I'll be happy. 

It looks good, though! Can't wait! 

what's the second song of the trailer?

poor gatsby... the novel is so sad...

Messed up great movies?! It's a novel.

damn...Leonardo DiCaprio is everywhere these days. from this movie to Django Unchained.

Oh hes a dick alright. But he takes responsibility for being a dick. If asked he doesnt lie about Mrytle, he doesnt lie about hitting her. he directed myrtles husband to gatsbys place because he thought gatsby actually killed her. He only snoops into gatsbys life after gatsby starts fucking his wife. 

Gatsby on the other hand starts fucking his wife in secret, then is a total pussy about it, trying to make daisy be the one to stand up to tom and pressuring her to say she never loved him. 

I watched this trailer like... hundred times and I want to see movie already!!!

what song is at the beginning of the trailer

aahhhh Jack White

For a moment I thought this was another Inception...


Y does hollywood keep messing up, great movies!  I can already see tht thy messed this classic up! Jst lyk thy filed up dark shadows.

not as many as poor old sean bean...

DiCaprio really really wants that Oscar, huh? ;)

This movie had a chance of being good...until they cast spiderman.

This trailer will be very confusing to those who have not read the book.

this looks like shit. Just how Moulin Rouge was shit. Why can't The Great Gatsby be authentic and classy and expertly made, but instead it's made with obvious green screen, bad acting, and a horrendous song playing over it. Ruined the entire book 

Love is Blindness by Jack White

Love is Blindness by Jack White

Jack White brought me here, glad he did, this looks great :-)


i thought they cast Vinny Chase as Gatsby?

Mia Farrow is not pretty, and her hair looks awful short. 

I'm guessing it's called "Love is maddness" ... lol. 

Wilson looks so similar to how he looked like in the previous movie, right? 

*Selfish and racist, I mean :D

Really? To me he's just selfish and selfish. And in a way, he was lying too because he got so angry about Daisy cheating on him, even though he was doing the same himself long before with Myrtle.  

Song : No church in the wild

Kanye west ft Frank ocean 

Great song!

This trailer looks so cool

if leo does not win an oscar for this one....

I have probably watch this trailer 5 million times

TJ Eckelburg's eyes just made my life.

Ha Ha... he only cheats on his wife and punches his girlfriend in the nose. What a role model. 

I kind of like Tom, he's the only person in the book that is not a total pussy and chronic liar. 

the drunk guy in the library he meets that says he's been drunk for days and he thinks boooks will sober him up, i cant believe thats in the trailer that scene made an impression on me in high school very glad this was in the curriculum i hope di caprio plays him well 

Yay Tobey Maguire's back!

2:08 george wilson when he sees myrtle get hit by the car

Leonardo DiCaprio... Jesus fucking Christ...my ovaries ? GONE.

Sam Waterston, now of Law and Order fame.

MYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYRTLEEEEEEEEEEE

Way to misspell Ziegfeld, guys.

Daisy in the original movie is actually pretty. The lady portraying daisy in this one is ugly

CIRCUS AFRO CIRCUS AFRO!!!!


spoiler Gatsby dies 

jack white <3

Is this a CGI cartoon version or something? the great gatsby meets speed racer

If they come out with a new publication for Great Gatsby with all the faces of Tobey and Leonardo Dicaprio on the cover, I will so buy it. Need to reread the book before the movie comes out anyway.

Hey, Baz makes movies perfect for the hypersecond internet age - he just doesn't invest any emotions in them. They're all scattershot set pieces edited through a fan lest the viewer get bored. Directors love TGG because like The Real Housewives... it lets them SHOW the wealth and that's all they bother showing. it'll be polished, no doubt, and that's enough for now.

Actually if you read the book there is a strong racist undertone. Not only towards black people but Jewish people as well. It is a product of its time and it will be interesting to see if they follow through with that theme in the movie.

I think the difference is that Luhrumann's version of Romeo and Juliet was a modern take on the entire story so modern music fit. The Great Gatsby is still based in the 1922. I really liked the music for the trailer but I hope they use music from the era in the film. It's called the Jazz Age for a reason.

Hey it doesnt hurt to learn something u dont have to be mean about it

no church in the wild by justin bieber

Anybody know the song in the first 30 seconds of the trailer?


No Church In The Wild - Kanye West

what's the first song, please?

I disagree, the actor in the Redford addition was my personal favorite

Why is it coming out in December 2012 and not tommorow? 

this is gunna be sick

I can't wait for this movie! This is quite a good year for epic films.

Jack White version of U2 love is blindness

this! then Jango Unchained will be epic

Thumbs up for jack whites cover of U2

It's not a party without a zebra.

I can't get over how well chosen "Love is blindness; I don't want to see" is.

0:17..... Is that a... freaking ZEBRA?????

what is with this music????

Didnt like novel... But the movie looks marvelous (: lol

if the movie's musical score is anything like this trailer's then the movie will be utter shit. just sayin'...

DoobydoobydoobydoobyDOOBYdoobydoobydooby

Need to read the book first!

I read the book last year in AP Language, it was such a great book I wouldn't mind reading it again before the movie comes out... I know there was an older movie but I never took the time to watch it. This one looks great but I did imagine Gatsby looking different,  not like Leonardo DiCaprio.

930 people failed their great gatsby tests

This looks amazing! Intricate!


Great Trailer, music is modern but works with the trailer. Can't wait to watch it. 

to bad carrie mulligan is an annoying crybaby and toby macguire is a congested pussy, horrible choices 

i didnt really like the novel all to much, but this movie looks wonderful

Romeo and Juliet was a classic as well. Baz Luhrmann still managed to make a fantastic adaptation of that with modern music. The music doesn't really matter if the content is still the same. This is art. Nothing is sacred, not even classic literature, and long may it stay that way.

1:38 lol

agreed

"Personally, I think this is an incredible adaptation of the original"....You have not even seen it yet.

what the hell is this?!!!

youve got to remember, yeah civil rights hadnt happened yet, but it was new york. probably the most progressive city in the states at that time, not to mention its in the deep north.just wikipedia josephine baker. 

no no no no no


0:11 confuses me, like not to sound racist or anything but are they black? that wouldn't make sense in this time period.

yes, those cars totally look like modern cars, right? -_-

the begiining of 1929 wasnt in the Depression :P

In gr 11 our teachers had three options for the book we would read in English class. My teacher chose The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz by Mordichai Richler (misspelled I know) over The Great Gatsby. I refer to the piece of shit we had to read as Duddy CRAPitz. Fuck you Mrs. Pouleau. Fuck you.

omfg the music is it based in the 00's or 
I think it makes it look like I imagined it.
Esp. the party.
Leonardo is PERFECT.

lol @ this in 3d

thumbs up if you have read this book


Errr... I agree with everything you said... except for Baz being one of the best directors of our age.
I mean, he's obviously GOOD... he wouldn't be in the big film business if he wasn't, but I think he has yet to prove himself, and he might do it here

he always uses anachronous modern music. it works though :)

It's just a trailer.

lol 

"finest novels ever written"

one of the most popular novels ever written. FTFY


Jack White Cover of Love is Blindness (U2) 

This made my english teacher geek lol

wat is this song?


jack white 

Its so easy to say "Baz Luhrmann is among the best directors of our age", and accredit him with doing "The Great Gatsby" justice. Lets wait until the film comes out, even good directors make bad films from time to time.

They make The Great Gatsby movie about every ehhh 10 years?

Holy shit. Tobey Macguire is exactly the sort of person I pictured to play Nick.

No Church in the Wild by Jay-z and Kayne west

its so weird seeing this after studying the book for so long. it looks good actually, better than i thought

What's that first song?

here, here ohamphlett, old sport! 

I am so excited for this movie, the adaption from the original to now is gonna be incredible! I cannot wait for December! Haha Leonardo is gonna be in 2 movies the same day! haha

errr... have you ever seen a Luhrmann film?

Oh really? sorry, I've been living under a rock all my life so I have know Idea what you classy people get up to. Clearly, this movie is going to be excellent because it has an award winning actor in it. Genius

is this supposed to be a sort of modern take or something?

No church in the wild - Kanye & Jay-Z

the grade 11's next year at my school will get a field trip

What's the song please

Yeah you have a good point. I was just surprised!

Between this and Django Unchained Dicaprio is going to have a busy Christmas

I don't think you did very good at interpretating the book then since, essentially that's what it was 

Baz Luhrmann is an amazing filmmaker and always has different ideas for different pieces, like his Romeo and Juliet. I trust him with this one. Just because the visuals look pretty and extravagant doesn't mean it's going to lack substance. 

Really? I feel the exact opposite. Who don't you feel is fit?

i don't feel like this was cast all that well.

One of Fitzgerald's defining characteristics of his writing was to express the Jazz age and all it's excesses.  This trailer seems to capture that quite well.  

Man, this looks awful; a big shiny over-produced, over-done, over-everything mess.It's gonna big with idiots and has zero to do with literature. What else is new?

*a trailer , but still.

The music in the beginning totally doesn't fit the time period. I know it's still the trsi

Is it just me or does this have a serious gangster feel to it? Not what I interpreted from the book but in my opinion this makes it more interesting, not that the book wasn't. 

---> Watch GREAT GATSBY(2012) full movie online, exclusive only at ------> fullmovies2012.us.tc

No church in the wild

what is the name of first song in trailer?? anyone help me 
thank you

wtf should I wait till December ^.^

go read the book, you want that they make a exact copy of the book? Really?

wtf is this? this id deffinately NOT how i pictured this book.... I'm not a huge fan of the book but there are certain things that i hope remain the same and i hope they don't stray too far from the original plot

Personally, I think this is an incredible adaptation of the original. Yes, the soundtrack may raise eyebrows, however, they have captured the fundamental themes so well... The extraordinary parties, lavishly opulent era that is the roaring twenties, and the mystery surrounding Jay Gatsby. Come on guys, Baz Luhrmann is among the best directors of our age and he wouldn't have just approached this with a half heart. He knows as well as us that this is one of the finest Novels ever written. Bravo.


this looks like some gay moulin rouge shit, i thought it would have some more of a classy look to it 

hope the movie does justice to the novel ! anyhow looking forward to it! 

wait the part where nick opens the door for gatsby and he just walks in was in the book and i imagined it exactly like that, aww leonard you're so precious

fuck off. its not even leaked yet, shit-licker.

I don't know... the director is remaking in different view! the outfits are too modern for the 20s too, on the other hand are beautifuly inspired on the 20's!

Agreed. She has to choose between a bullying, cheating, gambling, drinking, irresponsible, indifferent, rich, racist asshole, and a loving, caring, rich, handsome, charismatic guy that changed his entire life to get her since he was 17 and took the blame for killing Myrtle instead of her just so that her life wouldn't get bad. Well, the answer is obvious: THE ASSHOLE!

Tragic. The man that can have everything but love.

Yes.

its a quote from the book, which was published in 1925 so obviously yes they did

Did they really used the world "cool" in 1922?

This film is going to have a bitchin soundtrack!!

What are you talking about, the trailer captured the frenzy of Gatsby's party in chapter 3, whereas the rest cannot be done justice to in a trailer.  Don't judge until ou have seen the finished product.

There is no substance at all. Baz has burned since Australia.

The song in the beginning is No Church In the Wild by Jay-Z and Kanye West.

Love is Blindness 


if you know the songs in the trailer please reply my coment


what is the name of the song at the beginning? please help me out

1:42 - 1:48 i just love so much i don't even know why

@kellykimbab Clooney is too old and frankly, so is Leo. 

omg I CANT WAIT FOR THIS TO BE RELEASED IN SYDNEY THEATRES !

I would have paid the extra 10 milion to have BRAD PITT as The Great Gatsby!

Freaking seeing this. I LOVE Leonardo Dicaprio. And Carey Mulligan. And Gatsby. So.

this will be his tenth. And his wife died 3 times. 

nvm


whats the second song called?

i think George looks too strong...like he's a little too handsome to screw over. 

LEOOO! (Dr. Evil voice)

yea man he dies in the tragic way


Because people went around prohibition at that time.... it's like if you illegalized drinking in the US today, people are still going to drink.... they enjoyed it. Don't you have any common sense or common education?

no shit where did i say im stating a fact..obviously it was a curious opinion fml

leo is the best actor of all time

Daisy is a mind fuck.

Gatsby dies

I can't wait for this, I have to watch The Aviator NOW


@kenickity No church in the wild by Kanye west

oh my goodness what is the first song?

Idk then again hollywood can either make it a really good movie or destroy the story of the great Gatsby one of my favorite books lets hope they dont screw it up :)

hollywood ruined this story

I want Nick's tie at 0:29

Baz Luhrmann and Leonardo Dicaprio have some pretty damn good history on account of "Romeo and Juliet". It was ages ago, but it was a big thing in both of their careers. Anyway, he's a good actor. 

Pretty sure it is, technically. Or at least it should be. You can't really chalk it up to playing devil's advocate or encouraging us to think for ourselves either because that's the only view she ever offered.

Love the book, the actors are wonderful, but whats with the music? Wouldn't something from that era of been more fitting?

then why are they drinking alcohol?

I can't wait to see this if I'm honest! Just finished my English Lit A Level and I hated the book at first, but while writing my essay I really got into it. Ahhhh :D Super excited to see this!!!

hahahhahahah 

The fuck is with the modern day music? Where's the 20s music at? The movie better have 20s music or I'll cry...

I am too :P lmao, It wasn't towards all americans, just the stupid ones

love the opening tbh but could be a ploy for me to watch it- something that might just rob me of £7

Yeah, for any bronies here go watch the mlp parody of this "The Great Pinkie" :D

The Great Pinkie anyone? ... no?

Clooney cannot act a 30 year old character any more.

your teacher did that? That's criminal! 

Tell me about it. Daisy's bloody despicable. 

In my own, personal opinion, DiCaprio is perfect. Besides, Clooney's too old. Gatsby is in his thirties, Clooney is in his fifties. 

Clooney wouldn't be a bad choice but I think Leo portrays the vulnerability and hopeless romantic side of Gatsby a little stronger than Clooney.  

GOOD FILM TOO MUCH ARISTOCRACY THOUGH....

Baz Luhrmanns films are so loud and flashy, I prefer quieter films ... ps. whats up with the music? the begining of the trailer is like ridiculous, you just have to laugh

I feel that George Clooney would've made an impeccable Gatsby... Everytime I read the book, I imagine Clooney in a sexy gray suit, looking timid yet desiring. Why dicaprio? I'll have to watch the movie though..

Oscars oscars oscars oscars oscars

Man, this trailer makes me wish my English teacher hadn't ruined the book for me by going on and on and ON about how terrible it is for reinforcing the patriarchy and objectifying women and all that crap. Wish we could have studied it as a piece of literature in stead of a an example of the evil of men. 

Read the book. Daisy, you're a bitch.

Just finished the book in school. Right on time!

"No Church In The Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye West feat. Frank Ocean.

8D Luhrmann.....<3

my cousin is in this movie :D

no church in the wild by jayz and kanye


It's not. I read the book in an English class in High School and everyone, even all 13 of the guys, loved the book. I'm sure the movie will be just as thrilling. :) You should read the book.

Ouch. I'm American and I read the book. :\

WHAT. THE. FUCK. DID YOU READ THE FUCKING BOOK? oh yea your an american.... we don't read we just use sparknotes and watch the movie. You're fucking retarded

It was......

I love you. :)

seriously? Sparknotes? come...on.

SOMEONE GETS SHOT AND COMMITS SUICIDE. oh, AND SOMEONE GETS RUN OVER. READ THE BOOK!

SHOOT YOURSELF.

If you've seen paranormal activity then you need to watch my new video it's called The truth about paranormal activity.

Just watched The Great Gatsby, great movie! Watch it too for free online here-->
hotmovie.us.mn
hotmovie.us.mn

Enjoy!!

KANYE WEST EGG
you're welcome
Follow me on twitter @davidmcquary

yes... [facepalm]

Its the characters last name, His name is Jay gatsby or James Gatz

I made a GREAT GATSBY song. Its on my channel! :p

Is that the guy from titanic?

Christmas?!?!?! Good, this gives me time to read the book!!!!!!

my co-worker's half-sister makes $64/hour on the internet. She has been without work for five months but last month her check was $17800 just working on the internet for a few hours. Read more on this site MorePay3.com

A great trailer just isn't complete without an intense Leo screaming shot at the climax.

Dont listen to other spam if you want real free gift cards download juno wallet and type in the code ct282655 to get a easy .25 cents to start with

sooo shitty


No lie it looks like a boring as movie

TOOOOOBEY 

You're obviously not a reader then

vbox7.com/play:db4565fe23 look at this link JUSTIN BIEBER IS WOMEN !

looks like more midf**k from decaprio

ahhhhhhhh Zebra @ 0:17 !? love it 


I seriously don't understand this. 
Wtf is the plot? Who is gatsby? Wtf is this movie about?

I don't get the appeal of Carey Mulligan.  Sure, she's pretty enough, but all she seems to be able to do in movies is make sad doe eyes...nary a bit of acting talent there to be found.

You suck

cuz its from apple trailers? 

seems like chicks movie :( 

FREE  ITUNES GIFTCARD!!!

1. Download the free app bamboo wallet
2. Use the code JM620631 when signing up
3. Download four free apps the rewards per install

whats with the music choices?

Wtf is this shit?

Great Gatsby, Ah, If you don't want get a spoiler, dont do research...

it seems like there's more action in the trailer than there was in the entire book

Cunt!

leo likes movies where he dies in the end

brad Pitt would have played gatsby way better

Whats the name of that song??

Whats the name of that song after the Jay z and Kanye West one??

Something about the death of the American dream.  I've read the book twice for school and I can't remember too much of what happened outside of the women being run over and the eyes on the billboard.

Excluding tobey maguire, I hate the cast.

Might not be as good as the book, but i cant think of anyone better to play Gatsby, perfect casting for all! 

I have read the book and saw the 70s movie version with Robert Redford, Mia Farrow, and Sam Waterston. Hope this version is just as good!

So... what is the plot in this movie? 

Damn!!!! Leo u are one sexy mother fucker

I can't wait to see that one bitch get her tit ripped off by a car...

This chick is lame

6VEG-2D8AFP-ZQS5

This is gonna be terrible. Hollywood doesn't know how to make this movie.

Jay-Z and Kanye West - No Church In The Wild


Please someboy tell me what song is it at 0:19 sec 

Great, You Guys Would Remake This After I Graduted High School. I Would've Rather Watched This Then The Boring Old Ass Version

I wanna see

i love how when nick says "the morals were looser" there's a woman spreading her legs meters in the air. good one baz (y) 

when does this premere? in theaters ? I need to watch this !! 

FAIL FILM

ohhhhh god looks amazing! I usually don't like remakes. But, i found the original to be really dull, so hopefully this will put a fresh spin on the story

@jekson12 yeah...easy!get a free Star Wars 250$ game stop gift card!today it's possible!go now
bit?ly/besttop10

ahhhhhhh so excited !!!!

Looks like a modern day adaption, that takes cues from the 1974 film as well as the book. I for one can not wait to see this movie!

anyone know the first song

this looks like a futuristic type 1930's if you asked me.

I cannot believe this book was FINALLY made into a movie of this caliber! Yesssss! 

Free iTunes money!!! Just download apptrailers from the app store create an account and use bonus code pie122 for 50 free points to get you started!!

Fuck u all!!!!

Sorriest fuckin movie ever made in U.S.A....mutherfuckers!!!!!!

It worries me that two central lines of the trailer (Nick's opening and Daisy's about the "cool shirts") are not from the book. Nick's narration and Daisy's dialogue make the book so rich, I'd hate to see them watered down or mimicked in the movie.

I'm actually going to read the book now... Anything for Leo -3

Out of all of the people casted in this movie I dislike Toby. I hope he will impress me or at the very least won't ruin the whole movie. I'm not sure why I do not like Toby, it might be the whole spiderman thing.

Man ..... I Wrote An Essay About This!!!!  My English Class Gatsby

Would you like a free $25  visa gift card? 

It's easy!!!

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou25" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

Toby will always be spiderman to me

Crap Rap? Serious? I don't know why people are shitting bricks about the first song, it goes well with the trailer. So what it isn't from the same time period as book, I can't imagine any other song that would've went well with the intro of the trailer. 

0:55- 0:58 , it's the same face he uses in inception..xD

HEY DO YOU WANT FREE GIFT CARDS! Ok then go to the appstore on you idevice or go on google play and download JUNOWALLET or BAMBOOWALLET. Once you do that sign up and use this invite code JK37582 to get 25¢. Once you do that start doing tasks. In no time you'll have free gift cards in no time! Go to the junowallet channel on YouTube!

The music blows.  Can't these people use music from that period of time instead of this whining?

can sum1 tell me the name of the song in the intro of this trailer?...

Amazingly easy way to get free iTunes gift cards just download the app called app trailers and enter the code happydas to get a free gift card

This is a summer special for this week only so act fast!!

Enter the code in the bonus code section

*write :p

haha i don't really mean it i just hated it because we have to right a long essay about it

Search Truth Contest in google and click on the top result. Then read "The Present" on the homepage. The universal truth will transform us and our world. 

People who dislike this are just jealous... like those who ridiculed the book when it was written. The roaring twenties brought wealth to the Northeast the rest of the world had never known possible in the modern age.

Can someone please tell me what the song is at the start of this clip?? I really like it and I just want to listen to it

life of a ballerina as you never imagined it – Check out Breaking Pointe on CW  - encore premiere tonight at 8/7c!



Well, it is Baz Lurhman, so I wouldn't be surprised. If this song IS in the film, I will be heartily upset.

Can't wait to see the new movie. I am hoping it will be more epic than the old one.

whats up with the apple watermark? Advertising...lol

The book is the same way. It starts out as a big mystery and you slowly learn about what's going on. The best way to go into this film is without knowing anything.

Christmas? That's years away

GREAT MOVIE!! I saw it leeked at
fuck you.net
fuck you.net

It's spiderman ........ sort of

I wanna be drinking what that guy is drinking at 2:07

Whats the song at 1:47?

Would you like a free $ 50 visa gift card? 

It's easy!!!

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

Want a free iTunes card today? 

WELL TOO FUCKING BAD YOU CAN'T FUCKING GET ONE BITCH!!! SHUT UP EVERYBODY!!

EVERYONE FOR FREE MONEY LISTEN:
1.Go To The AppStore On. Your Apple Device
2.DownLoad The App Called "AppTrailors"
3.Make A Free Account
4.In The InVitation Box Type "itunesmoneyten"
5.Then Use It To Get A Free iTunes Card
This Is Not Another Scam.This Code Is A Glitch/Hack To UnLock A $10 Card!

my roomate's aunt makes $88 an hour on the internet. She has been fired for eight months but last month her payment was $21822 just working on the internet for a few hours. Go to this web site and read MorePay3.com

?????? ?????: watch?v=-1xJrcir9LU

No Church in the Wild- Kanye and Jay- Z
Love is Blindness- Jack White 

The Bachan mon

First Song- No Church in The Wild by Kanye West
Second Song- Love is Blindness by Jack White

looks great
if anyone loves Jim Carrey check out my page


I love this book

Wrong. Jack White's cover of Love is Blindness. 

love is blindness - U2

this sounded like utter bullshit 

What is it about?

still a kid lmao

YES! OMG I thought i was losing my mind when I saw him...lol. I wonder who he plays in the movie  ??

No. I have a 4.9 GPA and have passed the AP World history test with a 4 out of 5.

are you an idiot?

Same time era as the movie The Aviator which also stars Leo as Howard Hughes!.

Bullshit

Toby looks awesome in this movie... Just like every other movie. But this movie looks scary for some reason

This book was the eorst book i ever read. WHY?!?! are they making it into a movie?!?!?!?!?!?!!!

we just got Finnish reading the book and ower teacher wants us to see the movie! can't wait! (:

the "woman actor" is carey mulligan, a young yet well respected and brilliant actress, she'll do a great job. 

Spideeyy

Is that Mr. Amitabh Bacchan ???

I SHOW YOU DIE CUNT

AP LANGUAGE kids finally have a purpose to get through the book and ace this test!

This looks great

actress** i meant

For the first time I am actually happy to see a movie based on a book be remade because i feel like the movie versions of the great gatsby didn't at all come close to how great the book was, and i am glad that they chose leo for the script he seems like the perfect actor to play gatsby hopefully the women actor plays a good daisy she doesn't have much competition because the other actresses who played daisy weren't so....great to say the least in my opinion

It's much more complex that just parties. If you read the book by F.Scott Fitzgerald you would know 

probably because everytime ive seen it on the youtube home page ive watched it, as is the case with you probably, because it is an amazing trailer 

so this movie is about parties, women, and alcohol.... next

Saw the movie with Paul Rudd in my senior year in high school, wasn't too bad. Don't know why they have to remake it again.

i hated this book 

Hopefully this book-turned into a movie is better than the hunger games..

neither! i think the 1974 version is far closer to what i pictured in the book, but this still looks amazing if you take the book away from things


@xtheXacTiviZioNx Yeah, I know. Wtf...

this isn't what I pictured when I read this in highschool


My favorite book of all time. Sooooooo excited to see the this remake. x33

Anybody know the names of the two songs?

Loved the book, definitely going to see this!! :D

Dam u Jack Dawson ;)

It looks very mystique like

Anyone else notice the two girls in the yellow dresses from the book at gatsby's party?

Did mobile youtube most viewed freeze? The same videos have been here for over 1 week!

Oh man, I had my doubts about Joel Edgarton, but seeing this I think he'll be a terrific Tom Buchanan. I am so excited for this movie!

NO CHURCH IN THE WILD BY KANYE WEST AND JAY Z

The complexity of Gatsby ? The guy was an OCD workaholic with blind obsession and dash of envy. That's 10 % of the planet. It's not like he was John Nash ........

Yo check out my channel

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

Gotta love DiCaprio...

search & subscribe elzie bibbs

wtf is with this music? this looks NOTHING like the book i read and loved. :/

not everyone was a racist. certainly there were a lot of racists, and there are still a lot of racists, but there were white and black people who could get along, especially in the north. And by "20th" did you mean 20s or 20th century. because by the 80s and 90s there was a lot less racism. 

Hated the book, hated the old movie, so I'll probably hate this one too.

This looks stupid

i am lost....

No church in the wild i think by jay z


What's the name of the first song in the trailer. Not the love is blindness one

I approve this.

argh i cant believe i have to wait till christmas to see this

No Church in the Wild by Kanye West and Jay Z

It's no church in the wild by jay z and Kanye west

i don't think new music works with period movies ...

hey check out my movie! just released tell me what you think =) thanks

ur right. i had a very bad teacher. she was a new teacher and she actually got fired the year after i had her.

????? ????: watch?v=6XBkRM3-fqI

They couldve picked a better girl

Look up my Chanel thesecretsniper1

@davidalfred7 whatch the throne

Can't wait for this to come out. One of the best books I've read. Top 5, for sure. Casting did a good job. I feel like these actors were what I imagined as I read the book.

what's the song played in 00:10 ??? n by whom is it ?

FREE $10 ITUNES GIFTCARD!!!

1. Download the free app bamboo wallet
2. Use the code JM620631 when signing up
3. Download four free apps the rewards per install

VOTE RON PAUL 2012! SAVE AMERICA! SAVE YOURSELF! FIGHT FOR LIBERTY!

Hey everybody, I recently uploaded a new video called "kid jumps out of pool" please like or subscribe, it's a great video and I hope to get 1,000 views on it

Im getting tired of dumasses saying " hey i just saw it leaked at uidssujxhjdks" or somebullshit like that and the itunes shit just get out off here... Man

to bad it didnt come out yet :) and it wasnt even leaked.

Cool Trailer

Hmmmm? I think they over-stylized it. The book is great. So I'll probably see it.

 Songs in trailers most likely never appear in the actual film.

I loved the music in the trailer! I can't wait :) 

wanker^^^^

It looks like it could stay pretty close to the book. I hope it does!!!

*Except the fact that none of it reminded me of the book.. Except the Eyes Of God, and the man with the Owl Eyes. I hope they didn't mess anything up.. Smh...

I read the book, this movie seems nice(:

OMG yall i can not believe that it is summer 2012 it is so like the world does not exist when it is summer 2012 i am so totes gonna watch this awesome movie with my g-ma

peace love dinosaurs!!!

what did you wanna hear? benny goodman's "sing sing sing"? oh please! there are plenty of movies made about the golden jazz age (even versions of the Great Gatsby) with the "appropriate" soundtrack, and I find this break from the conventions extremely refreshing. What's the point of remaking a film if you're gonna play by all the old rules? And if I recall correctly, even in Moulin Rouge they played that worn-out can-can tune so I'm sure there will be some traditional elements here as well.

Did anyone else notice the apple symbol in the bottem right corner?

Would you like a free $ 50 visa gift card? 

It's easy!!!

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

Please make these fifty years worth the wait............

This trailer gave me shivers.

Dont understand whatsthe movie is bout from the trailer.

Wtf is spider-man doing there?

Now it has been a while since I have read "The Great Gatsby" but almost none of this trailer rang a bell and brought back any of the book. The "eyes of god" are pretty much the only part from the book that they seemed that they kept intact? Sure they had to spice up the story to sell it to a much younger generation but I just hope it isn't ruined.

How similar is the movie to the book, because I'm reading the book over the summer? 

Gotta love how about half of the comments on here are spam for other websites.,,good freaking job YouTube

Why does the Great Gatsby need to be in 3-D?

ehhhh

LEONARDIO DI CAPRIO DIES AGAIN

yes. possibly artistic lawlessness..but the wealth of 21st century studios and music on demand in command..."but could the past get the doctor -fixed-  in true metamorphosis!"

THE GREAT GATSBY, GANGSTER SQUAD AND LES MISERABLES. SDJBWQOGFVQwov

I'm not questioning his sincerity, but really, I worry for an audience who couldn't appreciate Gatsby without contemporary music. I know this is his thing, but Gatsby is is so tied to its time - I mean, it's the defining American novel of the 20s - that changing the music seems to be missing the point. Also, I disagree with your comment about him being a performer. Not being ostentatious or flamboyant in now way demeans your artistic vision.

TOTALLY loving the combination of Baz & Leo together again.
And of course, the captivating Carey.

No Church In The Wild - Jay-Z & Kanye West

If the director would be like you said, well... he would not be a director but a performer. He brought his vision upon the book, brought something cool in our age to show us how cool jazz was in that age. I am sure he meant no disrespect for the book.

Omg shut up about the music. It's extremely unimportant. What matters is the movie itself. Not the music in the trailer. Sheesh

This looks absolutely incredible !! So excited !

I feel so dirty cuz me and all my teenage friends love Leo dicaprio and he's like 37 lol

I wana Know the name of the girl appears at 0.26???


@Badkarma333 ITS ONLY THE TRAILERRR YOU EMBICILE

who the fuck actually read the book in highschool?


Why the hell is there electronic music for a book set in the TWENTIES. It's suppoed to be jazz and swing. If they're going to add something that doesn't belong at all, at least do electro-swing.

On a side note, is that Jack White singing Love is Blindness? 
on a side note...

I don't mind anachronistic soundtracks, but not HERE if all places!! Gatsby is the ultimate Jazz-age novel; you'd think they'd at least put some, y'know, Jazz in it? Also, the book is all about the understatement, the moments of quiet profundity amid the hollow decadence. I think Baz Luhrman can be great, and Di Caprio is a perfect Gatsby, but this trailer leaves me resolutely unconvinced.

The book was boring but this looks good!

Fuck spambots and fuck YouTube for allowing them. Get your shit together, Google.

clickworld.us

fuck the book n fuck this movie ive had it with gatsby


I personally thought the book was boring

Whats the song in the beginning?

Is the actual movie leeked?

Miarda jiji

Of course an interesting point that the Owl-Glasses man makes is that not a single one of those books were opened or read; their spines were still stiff. And, while I agree Fitzgerald is incredibly talented, it's important to note that many of his works are heavily edited. The Great Gatsby is a fantastic read, nonetheless.

Oh yea my spidey senses are tingling can't wait

dumb fuck read the book man. bet you're one of those fucking ignorant americans

ahhhhh no

dumb fuck. read the book

fuck yes

what`s the song

Ok then. 

Check out my video called depression out

So excited to watch this i read the book a while ago and i loved it. It seems like they captured the atmosphere very well. No one else could make a more perfect Gatsby than Dicaprio! XD 

WTF, are u crazy??? Have you never even heard of the great american classic 'The Great Gatsby'???

Because Fitzgerald is arguably the greatest American writer in history, and the Great Gatsby is considered the second best literary novel of the 20th century.  Because it was written during the ban on alcohol, it was extremely popular.  As I remember from 9th grade English class, one of its main themes is the aristocrats illusion of intellectualism, and how Gatsby counter this by ACTUALLY having words in his library instead of empty book sleeves for show.  He has everything except love. Read it.

LEONARDO IS GATSBY MUST SEE

So this is what George costanza was talking about....

I hated that book.

Doesn't seem that good.

Y Y'all Complain So Much???... :|

Come on, read some historical books or watch some documentary. The segregation was huge, maybe not so humaliating like on the south, rather more ignorant. Even Samuel George jr. famous and popular black actor and singer, personal friend of Frank Sinatra, was publically humaliated by not allowing to enter the places where whites used to party and this is in the end of 50th. (he was born in 1925). Now, think. Don't confuse the youth with your lack of historical knowledge.

LOOK! There's spiderman!

Bitch Please! The northern states were racists too. Went AA moved from South to North they were just looking for jobs because there was a lot of jobs in the North, but they had terrible living and working conditions because of racism. It wasnt until 1964 or 65 when racism was banned it public places.

The book is based in the norther states, not in the south where segregation was huge.  There was little or no segregation in the northern states and there's not as many racists in the north as there was in the south.

look up Great Catsby
its him with a cat face look it up :D it CATSBY not ith a G

Just kidding it sucks and im judging the whole movie completely off the trailer

Love this vid

+1 for the zebra.

@lylotss At the start is No Church in the Wild by Jay-Z and Kanye and at the end is something by Jack White...I forget what the song is called.  

anybody know the songs in the trailer


would have been cool if in the end of the movie he woke up


Yes, because it's Christmas now.

have u heard of the harlem renaissance

Hey what's the song that plays at the Begining of the trailer with the black people partying?

This Movie-Trailer makes me proud to be Swedish. Good job, Sweden. You have made a great motion picture. This will enslave the rest of the world, and we will finally prevail. Long Live Sweden.

Would you like a free $ 50 visa gift card? 

It's easy!!!

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

...This director NEVER tries to be historically accurate, just visually pleasing. He is also never politically correct, he just does what he wants. If you have seen Moulin Rouge or Romeo and Juliet it is pretty apparent. 

The fact that they used No Church in the Wild as the trailer music does not bode well for the movie.

Oh, yes, we have twisted views, and your views are the only ones historically correct. Are't they? I have nothing against blacks and whites partying together, BUT in 20th it was absolutely impossible, as well as Gatsby's hand shaking with a black man on 1:01. First I even thought the guy is in a glove, which is rude and than I realise he is actually black. I don't understand when historical truth is sacrificed for the sake of polit-correctness and pleasing a certain minority group. 

Why does DiCaprio have to die in pretty much every movie?


????? ??????????: watch?v=tR1H_UyH5tk

Myrtle Wilson looks like Allison hannigan. Am I right or wrong?

Where's Vince Chase?

Why in 3D just ruins it

of course. this isn't the south with the KKK and jim crow. People often have a twisted view of the 1920s. not everything was about racism and black oppression. The Great Gatsby takes place in New York City, the location of Harlem, one of the centers of the jazz movement, which was led by black musicians. watch /watch?v=s58iTzznkp0

Electronic music with auto tune at the beginning, in a trailer of a movie set in the 1920's... Just PATHETIC.

What? It IS The Great Gasby

I swear at 1:06, Nick and Gatsby both sound British?

Tobby Maguire is better actor than DiCaprio BUT Carrie Mulligan is a better actor than anybody present in this movie 

I'm the kind of person who reads the book before they see the movie and we don't read this in school till junior year (i'm going to be a sophomore next year :p) so i'm reading it now and liking it so far :)

Trolllol ;)

WTF this is a ripoff of the  Great Catsby

This movie looks boss.

It's got Leonardo DiCaprio in it?
I'm in. 

Looks like a good movie but you can't beat Robert Redford

am I the only one that thought, "black people in 1920s partying... not likely" hahaha

Jordan Baker looks different than I thought she would... 

They also picked the PERFECT Daisy!  Most people think that Daisy needs to have long hair and whatnot but they're forgetting the time period this books takes place in.  

That awkward moment when Leonardo DiCaprio isn't sexy anymore..

I'll keep an open mind as films are so jammed packed with unnesesary moments that are meant for segmeants of movie goers.  Songs that don't belong in that part of the movie getting louder during scenes to make us feel the characters' emotions is plain lazy, As with any movie when you have more producers thean actors it's hard to keep focus.  That being said I'm interested.  Leo has never let me down,(I've seen Titanic once, with my girlfriend), and he was still out acted everyone in the movie.  

Sex, Guns, and the twenties. Do me on it. 

Spoiler, we all do.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

DOWNLOAD the app APP TRAILERS from the app store or android marketplace and use the bonus code "2mandude" and u can get a $10 itunes gift card or xbox live or playstation cards. Get advantage of this offer NOW! LIMITED TIME only!!! NO more dumb SURVEYS!!!

This is going to be epic. Leo deserves an oscar..

Spoiler, Gatsby dies. 

What's the name of the song?

Yeah, that was my point. I didn't say it was bad or anything, just that they didn't focus on making the movie realistic. It looks cool the way it is.

I read the book...

No Church in the Wild - Jay-Z and Kanye West
Love is Blindness - Jack White

did they use the Ivo Caprino car?

@wokeupthismorning1000 no church in the wild

what fuckin song is in the beggining

Meh..........


Spiderman is in this movie. Your argument is invalid.

Low budget?  Really?  This looks like an incredibly lavish production- oh, and at $130 million budget looks like all that money is ending up on screen so I have no idea what you're talking about.

And how can you judge acting by a trailer primarily using visuals and bits of narration with a few quotes as a basis for the quality of the acting?  This is a teaser trailer, more like a music video than an actual preview of the movie, so you have nothing to go on for acting quality 

See: Baz Luhrmann 

I'm sort of afraid they're going to make this too modern.  They should make it as realistic as possible.

Only because stupid DiCaprio is in it. I'm not moved by the actors they chose. 

why is this movie in 3D again?

do ya?

??PLEASE READ THIS !!!!!??
-(copy 'n paste):
-YOU TOO CAN CHANGE THE WORLD!!!!
-THE VIDEO THAT WILL CHANGE THE WORLD O.o
-MAKE IT REAL!!!!.
(youtube)
/watch?v=KphWsnhZ4Ag
Put on Google "venusproject petition"
and then many more will jump on board!!!!


Looks like Titanic

Did anybody else notice the apple logo in the bottom right corner?

lo mejor que para este vide es q lo pongan en español x q no entendi pero si nada!!!! eso es todo

You seem mad?

Stfu about apptrailers fakers u dicks just want friends -_-

???? ????? ???? ?????? ???? ??? ????

Want free gift cards?

1.download apptrailers from AppStore

2.open apptrailers

3.tap on bonus code

4.put bonuscode1000

5.you'll recieve free points so you can redeem it for anything you want.

ENJOY !!!! ENJOY ;) XD

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

Would you like a free $ 50 visa gift card? 

It's easy!!!

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

Well it certainly looks pretty.

I thought Vincent Chase was supposed to be in this

Perfect song for this trailer, read the book and this looks great. DiCaprio is Awesome!

3d rendering of time square that looks near real by todays standards is better than buying out times square and making it look like it did in the 20's or trying to pass off a 21st century time square as a 1920's one.

this is gonna fucking rock. 

 and yes there was prohibition, so at first I thought liqueur would have been more expensive (but still very much available) until a friend pointed out that the lack of tax on prohibited items (drugs today/alcohol at this time etc) would mean they were cheaper
or maybe that was obvious to all except me

"Slow pan over a 3D rendered Times Square, cue Kanye West song."
—F. Scott Fitzgerald

yeah it was

Yes indeed my good sir, Though the selling of it was illegal drinking it was not. Many people during this time sold it illegally  or made their own beer or liquor then sold it secretly

Wasn't prohibition active during this time?

what's wrong with DiCaprio's face? or is just me that sees something wrong?

Of course. ? the movie comes out AFTER I finish the book. :/

Now Spiderman can stop Gatsby getting shot.


I thought that alcohol was illegal during this time :o

I'm pretty sure full realism wasn't their intention. At least not Baz Luhrman's style. Just look at Moulin rouge: that's really not what Paris in the belle epoque looked like but it worked anyway.

Stupid

I love teaching this book to my students and most of them thoroughly enjoy it by chapter 5. I haven't been this excited for a movie in a long time!

we are a group of animators who just started making animations, and we just uploaded the first animation yesterday on this channel and we wanna people to see it and tell us what they think, it was made in a very professional way and with the latest animating programs, I dont like spamming but I didn't find any other way to advertise the channel, if you wanna help the thumbs up button will make everyone see this and pls if you have time check out the video and tell us what you think, thanks :)

I really thought it was one of Gatsby commercial... Lol...... Gatsby! Gatsby!!

Please go watch, COMMENT, AND LIKE my video it's called What da hamsandwich

I don't think the cities looked like that in 1920's eighter. Too much light and stuff. I don't think they focus on making it look like 1920's...

I don't understand why music directors choose to put music in period films that didn't exist at the time. To me, it creates a false sense of mood--surely there was music in the 1920s? >:O

Perfect trailer with beautiful music !!! Love is blindness !!!


Baz, Leonardo, Carey 'marry me' Mulligan - take me now!

Lol I'm mistaken this with the hairstyle wax gastby

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
zpk.cvz.me
zpk.cvz.me

Peter Parker?

Leonardo doesn't look so good here. I hope they stay as true to the book as possible!

im sorry but i think the original is better

Whoa, what is Spiderman doing in this movie?

Don't mess this up hollywood.

:):):)

Hope this is not as BORING as the book is...

i bet your girlfriend liked it

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
7bl.eey.me
7bl.eey.me

No shit sherlock with a douche like that of course he's going to get killed lolol

Spiderman! Get out of there and go save the city!

Everyone on here who is commenting pointless shit is a fag. This was a decent piece of literature and hopefully a good film though.

Gatsby looks too much like Jack Dawson for me to buy this...


GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
l6i.cvz.me
l6i.cvz.me

hhahahhahaha go somewhere else, somewhere else where people care... lololololo

dead

Thi is fuck up

Boooooooo000oo   


Motherfucker

I don't even 

IS LIFE JUST ABOUT MESSING AROUND AND U DIE?? AND WOT HAPPENS AFTER U DIE? WANT INNER PEACE...EVERYONE KNOWS SUM1 IS SUSTAINING THIS WORLD OR IT WUDNT RUN SO SMOOTH AND DO U HAVE TO FOLLOW RELIGION BLINDLY WITHOUT PROOF?.....COZ IF GOD DID SEND A TRU RELIGION SURELY IT SHUD HAV PROOFS AND CLEAR EVIDENCE....WEL THERE IS AND ITS ISLAM...ISLAM HAS PROOFS AS WELL AS WOT TO EXPECT AFTER U DIE...COZ ITS A REALITY ...CHECK MY VIDS FOR ISLAMS HOLY BOOK QURAN ENGLISH AUDIO AND MORE...PEACE

... I feel quite offended. This is not what Fitzgerald would expect from his magnum opus.

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
7sw.cvz.me
7sw.cvz.me

...

.... Is there anything in the comments NOT spam or attention seekers?!?!

I was merely being sarcastic my friend, but you do have a point!

This looks SO much better than the old version... Leonardo DiCaprio makes the perfect Gatsby. 

Your ears are not deceived, it is his cover of "Love is Blindness" form the charity album of U2 covers, "AHK-toong BAY-bi Covered." Good ear. 

It's not one of Fitzgerald best, but it was not terrible. I would actually consider it one of the great American novels that captured the dark side of the roaring twenties. Many literary scholars would agree. I actually think This Side of Paradise is Fitzgerald's best.

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
5bz.cvz.me
5bz.cvz.me

Check out my video called where the red fern grows remix!!!

This book was fucking terrible, It would be unfair to think the movie will be better.

can't wait!! it's everything i had imagine the great gatsby to ever beeeee

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
eqq.cvz.me
eqq.cvz.me

I personally hate the "Great Gatsby" story; I'd just see the adaptations, this one included, just to see what a bastard & bitch whoever's playing Tom & Daisy Buchaman can pull. That, and you-know-who's death scene at the end.

I've finally figured out the opening song! Its "No Church in the Wild" by Yeezy and Jay!

what's with the freak out at 2:12?

Exactly! That was back when music sounded *good!*

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
0hp.eey.me
0hp.eey.me

I'd rather win your mother's panties. Oh wait, she already gave them to me.


Check out my dick. 

You did not, faggot. 

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
pbe.cvz.me
pbe.cvz.me

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

He said "As well".

Isabel?! I thought her name was daisy in the book?
But it still looks like a good movie :)

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
yi4.eey.me
yi4.eey.me

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Aww yeah! Can't wait! Baz is amazing & the actors are so talented! I'm uber excited to see it!

Reddit 


GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
ng3.eey.me
ng3.eey.me

How the fuck did you notice that?

No Church In The Wild-Kanye West and Love Is Blindness-The Edge :)

and
Jack White - Love is Blindness

can people tell me what songs there are in this trailer?

plz read this ok dont believe those comments that say u will reiceve a free giftcard if u use this bonus code i fell for this and did not reiceve anything but 50 points! and 1000 points is a dollar so for my honesty will u plz download the app called apptrailers and tap on the bonus code button and type in catlover77 plz and also u can redeem ur points for a gift card so this bonus code will give u a head start!  bonus code- catlover77

i sorta wished they used a different trailer song

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
82q.cvz.me
82q.cvz.me

0:17 is there a zebra in the pool??

"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past"..<3..<3..

how is that the most iconic line instead of "her voice sounded like money" or "beautiful little fool"?

Why?

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
soh.cvz.me
soh.cvz.me

8==========D :D tehee

Omg I'm reading this book in school & I'm on  ch. 6!!!!! Can't wait to see this film

zdsxdf

Loved the book


Find your perfect match at eHarmony.com

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
49k.cvz.me
49k.cvz.me

Man you totally forgot to mention decaprio

2 Dicaprio movies coming out on the same day.

This is "THE" movie! I wish there was a love button!

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
f8y.eey.me
f8y.eey.me

could they please stop saying "Gatsby"!!!????

Gatsby :))

Now all I listen to all day long is Love is blindness. Hey, Jack White was part of The White Stripes, who would have thought? :)) awesome!

after seeing this trailer I can almost bet Gatsby will not get shot.

[Jack: Almost.]

oh, fuck! now I wanna see Titanic.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
j3e.cvz.me
j3e.cvz.me

Omg! Im so excited!

Amazing novel! One of the Fitzgerald's bests!

Great songs in this trailer

I don't think I've seen a better use of "Love is Blindness." I heard the first two beats and I said "no way..." but then it came in full blast. Then I was waiting for what they were gonna play when Jack White really feels it at the end. So perfect.

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

Name of the first song is "No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye West, and the second song is "Love is Blindness" by Jack White which is a cover of the U2 song.

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
kdz.eey.me
kdz.eey.me

SPIDER MAN IS BACK

This is going to win an Oscar

Read the book in school, so I've analysed it to death, but this looks like a great adaptation!

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
7o1.eey.me
7o1.eey.me

Leonardo* Fail. ;p

Leanardo DiCaprio is fucking sexy. :3

whats the name of the second song?

If any of you watch indian movies than you might have been able to spot that bollywood actor I think his name is amihtabh bachan hes in the trailer

I'd prefer the Redford old movie ;-)

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
q06.eey.me
q06.eey.me

That's unfortunate.

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
kon.eey.me
kon.eey.me

No Church in the Wild, Watch the Throne (Jay-Z and Kanye West)

This looks pretty tight.

What song was that?

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
e59.cvz.me
e59.cvz.me

green light at 2:17

What dream level is this?!?!

What's the name of the song in the second half of the trailer?

RETARDED MOVIE FOR RETARDED PEOPLE

Aww.. don't spoil it by posting it up here, come on!

dunno about you guys, but i felt carey mulligan fucked up "beautiful cool shirts" - like the most iconic line...

Check out my channel. Great new videos are up every day!

leonardo looks ugly in this movie


INDEED! I don't get why everyone complains about having to read it in highschool.  It was my favorite! XD

???? ??

looks awesome ! 

Im a new utuber and i try hard on my videos so if u like plz check out my channel shebby109 thank u soooo much

Anyone know the name of the song in the beginning of the trailer?

why do you think so?

(PLEASE READ THIS!!!! IT'S NOT A SCAM, I SWEAR!!)
I'm sure you've heard about AppTrailers. It's a really easy way to get gift cards. Anything from Starbucks to Best Buy cards. I use it mainly for ITunes and Xbox live cards. Works for Playstation too. They are one month cards and you can literally earn one a day. It's amazing. Use this code to get started with some cash/points. "easydough". PLEASE try it out... Thanks for reading and earn lots!!!

Definitely looking forward to this movie!

wow, It's fantastic. I've read the novel and seen the movie in the past.
This version is great and interesting.

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
wrt.eey.me
wrt.eey.me

This looks good !

but hes american

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
fum.eey.me
fum.eey.me

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
izi.cvz.me
izi.cvz.me

the movie looks awesome, but I cant quite compare it to the origional movie yet.

"[In the 1920s]... and dubstep was just coming into vogue..."

I don't know why, but I am extremely happy to see Toby McGuire and Leo DiCaprio in a film together. Childhood friends making a film together after so long.

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
un8.cvz.me
un8.cvz.me

I have to say, right at 1:09, Leo fuckin nails the Gatsby smile, exactly as I envisioned it from Fitzgerald's description in the novel

????? ????????:* ??????? ?????? ))

Akon and the 1920's dont go together. What was the person making this thinking?

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
tz8.cvz.me
tz8.cvz.me

For one thing what is hip hopish sort of music doing in a trailer of a great novel that focuses on the jazz age.  Doesn't bode well.

the movie looks awesome but i hate the book lol

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
771.eey.me
771.eey.me

It looks good! But Seriously... 3D? REALLY!?

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
grw.eey.me
grw.eey.me

Sucks that I already know the ending...let's see if the movie translate well from the book.

Why so many dislikes?! Seriously though, I'm curious as to why people dislike this trailer.

This movie looks DUMB and meaningless, could be wrong but the trailer's awful

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
fga.cvz.me
fga.cvz.me

:30 ABISHEK BACHAN?! What are you doing here??

Wow looks promising. I couldn't see a better man playing Gatsby other than dicaprio

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
epm.cvz.me
epm.cvz.me

Let's see if it lives up to the way the book portrays it

This is fucking sick

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
ako.cvz.me
ako.cvz.me

This looks a bit more epic than I remember.

thumbs up for the legend: AMITABH BACHCHAN!! 1:03 \m/

check out my new PRANK VIDEO!!

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
w2d.eey.me
w2d.eey.me

Thumbs up if you know what happens because you read the book!

@JUICEDCOWwtf How the hell is the cgi bad, it is actually good...

Everything looked good until 1:50-1:51 bad CGI but i look forward toward this movie

Amitabh Bachchan! :O


Decapitation? Decaffeinated? 

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
hpt.cvz.me
hpt.cvz.me

kanye no church


Sickest outfit at 0:12. My dude's killin it


/watch?v=evsvkAlrlnE

I KNEW IT!!! NICK CARRAWAY IS SPIDERMAN!!!

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
xqj.cvz.me
xqj.cvz.me

the old one felt restrained, and too held back, so to speak- I feel it failed to capture the era or even the feeling of the novel.
But I guess it is all subjective. 

skrillex at 0:23 ??

Hello people, would you mind going on to my YouTube page? I would really appreciate it. It's electricshadow38. Thanks.

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
ru6.eey.me
ru6.eey.me

bet the old ones still betterrrr.

Call me: (480) 201-6776

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
s83.cvz.me
s83.cvz.me

@mollieakstone thanks I am about to put this song on my iPod..lol

That awkward moment when Leanardo Dicaprio isn't hot anymore..  XD

Jack White - Love is Blindless

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
d49.cvz.me
d49.cvz.me

Does anyone know the name of the second song in the trailer because it is great :)

I have to watch a Ad to see another Ad wtf people. 

Leonardo dicaprio is fucking sexy

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
muh.cvz.me
muh.cvz.me

Best thing ever written. Not however best thing ever filmed.


wtf deja vu.. these were the very actors i imagined to play the roles from the book. and now they;re in the movie! am i psychic?!

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
ysl.eey.me
ysl.eey.me

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
fbz.eey.me
fbz.eey.me

PSEVDO HD

fried chicken?

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
wkp.eey.me
wkp.eey.me

GAHHHH THIS MOVIE LOOKS SPECTACULAR!!! :D


no church in the wild by jayz and kanye west

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
n58.cvz.me
n58.cvz.me

Lmao I read the book of this movie for school, great story ! Must watch, cant wait for it !

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked from
w89.eey.me
w89.eey.me

Okay I just reread the book but fuck you for posting spoilers anyways. So uncool for anyone who unfortunately never read it or, like me until this summer, had completely forgotten it because they hadn't read it in years.

leo dies.... shoulda read the book first ;)

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
1xa.eey.me
1xa.eey.me

Download apptrailer on the AppStore  and enter the code 10itunesbucks and receive $10 on ITunes.

you suck.....

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
khy.eey.me
khy.eey.me

LMAO Amitabh Bachan is in this?! His accent when he said "discovered"... :D

Lol, Leo playing another character that dies...typical. 

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
lfl.cvz.me
lfl.cvz.me

Jack White - Love is Blindness

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
9ec.eey.me
9ec.eey.me

First song?

?????????? ???????? ??? ?????????!!! 
???? ????? ???? ????? .??? ???? ? ??????? ??????  ,? ??? ??? ? ???? ? ????? ??????????? ???? ?? ? ??? ???? ??????? ?? ???,??????,??? ??? ??? 4 ????? ? ???????? ?????? ????.. ???? ?? ????????? ???? ?? 1???   ???, ?? ?? ???????? ??????!! ?? ???????? ?????????? ?????????
R336980106879        Webmoney 
410011447859661  ??????  
?????????? ???????? ????????? ???????,???????? ??? ?????????
??????? ?? ?????  


GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leeked at
p1b.eey.me
p1b.eey.me

What was first song?

in this case, the movie will be better than the book. i found it horrible.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Why is it that in every Dicaprio movie he ends up either dead or mindfucked?

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
g9z.cvz.me
g9z.cvz.me

Yeah of course you saw it 'leaked'.
1. It isn't out yet.
2. Every comment you write are on Trailers.
3. Meaning you are probably a computer.
4. Your name is Willie Wanker. Sounds really plausible doesn't it ;)

cuz im an asshole

GREAT MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
1jl.eey.me
1jl.eey.me

The book was amazing I dig F. Scott Fitzgerald, but this movie looks terrible.  This is what Hollywood is becoming known for: Ran out of ideas, lets dig back through the archives of things that everyone loves and then butcher the integrity of the original work and its artist!

Download App Trailers in the iTunes store, and enter Drokthar in the bonus code for 1000 free points

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
c7m.cvz.me
c7m.cvz.me

If you've seen paranormal activity then you need to watch my new video it's called The truth about paranormal activity

What is up with the apple logo in the corner of the video

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
flx.eey.me
flx.eey.me

Amazing Book.

This glorious combination of Jack White and The Great Gatsby has officially made my day. 

baz lurhmann making english next year a LOT better

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

GOOD MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked at
fnh.eey.me
fnh.eey.me

NICE MOVlE!!. I saw it leaked from
6vg.cvz.me
6vg.cvz.me

Cannot wait for this movie. It looks like it will definately live up to the novel

Tobey Maguire and Leo DiCaprio...check!

Cool...

I wonder if F. Scott Fitzgerald imagined parties like the one in this trailer. 

... why would you ruin it for the people that have never seen the movie or read the book?

i am so excited for this! i hope it doesn't disappoint... this book was amazing

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

The beginning of this video looks so awesome!! And gosh darn it I LOVE YOU LEO!!!!

I cant get past that Tobey is going to play Nick... I Just dont see it

I can't wait for this move!

Yup :)

wow dick move

how is that sarcasm? they can never get the movie to be as good as the book 

Was that sarcasm? lol

And that nose hair that drooped somewhat gracefully upon his upper lip...

for everyone that didn't read the book or watch the first movie. LEONARDO DICAPRIO DIES HAHAHAHAHAHA

Please, someone tell me WHY this movie needs to be in 3D!

Carey Mulligan is so gorgeous!

$10 ITunes Gift Card!
1) go to the app store and download "app trailers"
2) use the bonus code "itunesusb"
3) immediately your code for a $10 gift card will pop right up! 
this is no scam, try it out'

What's the point of this story?

Wooaaaa..............Amithab bachan is in this film...gr8

spidey and jack? :D

I agree to an extent. I noticed a sex scene in the preview, and also I never recall anybody in the book shouting "Get the hell out of here!" like it shows in the preview.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

Hey guys Dana White is really sick.  Leave him a shout out.  click on my name and the short video.

why must they use these video-game looking effects in movies nowadays? and why at all in gatsby? coupled with the auto-tuner pop song this is off to a bad start

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Three reasons this movie will flop, whether you want to hear them or not:
1. Since this movie is coming out now in 2012, theyll find some way to throw in tons of unnecessary sex scenes and make the movie all intense and shit for a younger crowd.
2.Since everyone nowadays is a politically correct fag, theyll probably find some way to incorporate black and latino characters into the movie that wouldnt have been caught dead in 1920s Hamptons
3.The 1974 version was much "realer"and better. watch it.

We finished the book in school this year and watched the old movie of this. Can't wait for this movie.

Amitabh Ji in the movie ?? Aaaasum..

Depends what medium you prefer.

no church in the wild from jay z and kanye west

It is a fuckin trailer people, I'm sure a multi-million dollar movie will have music set to the 20's lol shit stop bitching it will be fine I'm fairly certain jay z won't be in the film lol.

this will flop, and 3D... really??

anyone know the song at the beginning?


Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

This looks kinda awesome ...

??? I HOPE YOU ALL HAVE CONTINGENCY PLANS IN PLACE!! IT'S ABOUT TO GET REAL HERE IN THE U.S.A.!! ???
/watch?v=B1JPeId6Dns

NO NO NO JORDAN BAKER IS ALL WRONG!!!

I read Great Gatsby in school. Don't really remember the book but I'm pretty sure it wasn't this cool.

Go to :05 /watch?v=25Rl0zdurs0
Now, go to 2:06 and play the two together. Hirarious. 

this is the end of literature. i want to throw up

leo is the perfect gatsby gah

I don't believe auto tune was a big thing in 1922....

The rap music in the beginning is shit. Killed the trailer for me. 

It's bad that I remember reading this in high school and remember liking it but now I can't remember the story at all lol.

This looks amazing. D: Wish I had paid attention to the book in school. O.o

i hope they dont disappoint me, cause they can never make the movie better than the book 

Wish I paid attention in English back in high school so I knew what the hell was going on in this trailer...

This is nothing like the novel.

West Side Story is a 1950s musical, and though it may have been inspired by Romeo and Juliet, the characters in WSS didn’t speak as though they were from 1462 while wearing a poodle skirt and cat-eye glasses. The setting, costumes, etc from WWS are period appropriate and it works. Lurmann’s R + J doesn’t. I think he desperately wants to be cutting edge, and it ends up making his films look too animated, flashy and ridiculous. The thought of a 1920s period piece in 3D, makes me cringe.  

ohhhhh gosshh leooo   <3 I look forward

Can't wait!

Tobey Maguire I miss you!

I hope Tobey Maguire randomly puts on a spiderman suit and starts saving the day

looks cool love Leo's performances only problem i have with this movie is why don't they try some period specific music? Have some modern artists make a 1920's soundtrack instead of taking popular songs and fitting them into the movie make a soundtrack made for the movie, bring back the roar'in 20's!!

oh... well, yeah. I know THAT. good book BTW

Is Vinny Chase in this one?

I believe what he's saying is that something very bad will happen to Gatsby, if you haven't read the book I won't spoil it for you. ;)

so... where does Gatsby fit in?

It will be legen...wait for it... Oh my god, Leonardo DiCaprio...dary!!! 

Amitabh Bachan!!!!

It might be a stuffed zebra.  It doesn't look that big to me...

Trouble is that I'm kind of a stickler for authenticity when it comes to films set in historic eras, but granted, *any* film is bound to reflect the time in which it was filmed in one way or another regardless.  That said, if this was a comedy where more flexibility was allowed, that would be different.  Otherwise I'd be sitting there shrieking "This is the Jazz Age, not the Rock Age!"

The 1974 version starring Redford had authentic jazz and music from the era.  I guess we'll see...

follow mytwitt >>>> @Sanguan_Likeyou <<<< mention for folback.:) thanks

"@DuniaKeras

Narkoba emang enak, tapi nanti idup lo suram. Pilih mau berhenti apa mau idup lo suram? Hahaha gw cuma ngingetin aja ;) #DK

I'm so FUCKING sick of movie trailers. We don't need them. So get rid of them!! Now!

????? ??????? ???? ?????!

?"The Leo DiCaprio theory:
Drowns at the end of Titanic.
Washes up on shore at the beginning of Inception.
During Inception, has trouble distinguishing reality from dreams.
In Shutter Island, has trouble distinguishing reality from fantasy, has gone insane because of Inception."

TOBEY MAGUIRE!!!

Would you like a free $ 50 gift card?
It's easy

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

clueless trailer~~

I suppose it was just a matter of time until they remade this with Leo

This will be EPIC

The girl from Drive and Tobey Maguire? Fuck yeah!

If you've seen paranormal activity then you need to watch my new video it's called The truth about paranormal activity

So no scorcesse or vinny chase????

1.did he just say Isobel??? well, thinking about it, Daisy does sound a bit gay.
2.that looks big and very light, I hope the music in it is nothing like the trailer's song and that it does justice to does wonderful 20's.
3.shit not my favorite book!

What is the name of the first song??

Plz answer !!

go fuck yourself

Haha just finished reading this book for school.  :P

DUMBLEDORE DIES

Read the book, I thought it was more depressing then what the trailer showed.
But I got to say, I love their take on it. 

another movie which leonardio di caprio dies. wrongfully

I read the book.  The trailer spoils nothing, I spoiled the ending.

hum, I like the art direction, really feels like the 20's .. but the OST fucks up pretty much everything. How's those people dancing some hip hop thing, 90 years ago? I hope that's a trailer thing only.

1. No church in the wild 2. Love is blindness     gatsby trailer music :)

@sangyuni95 You prick

it wasn't jew molars... it was just human teeth. The guy wearing it was a jew.

Love is Blindness is the second

Whos the guy at 2:05?

No Church In The Wild is the beginning song

Im gonna go see this the book was good, but if you dont like disappointing endings dont bother with spending 13 dollars to see this

Toby...really? REALLY? I wont be able to watch this without thinking of silly spiderman.

Leo was born for this role.  Anyone agree?


Songs?


song plz?>?

I'm sorry, but 0:17 / 0:18...
ZEBRA IN THE SWIMMING POOL? 

To Those Who Don't Know....Gatsby Dies.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

This book destroyed my high school english class. There's no way in hell that I'd ever want to watch a movie about it. But the trailer looks good :D

Read the book in school, now time for the movie

How come only glorified movie trailers can spark people's interest in classic literature

actually, this is causing people to read or reread this book; high school students regarded this as a boring book, but this movie has sparked interest in the literature again

congrats

If anyone here is a fanatic of the Great Gatsby, play the Super Nintendo emulated game online at greatgatsbyDOTcom Its funny and fun at the same time. 

No more spoil bitches! I want to read the book and watch the movie! So shut the fuck up!

ugh 6 months from now!!?

I will read the book first, and then watch the movie, but fucking spoilers, working on my nerves...

Fuck the movie, read the book, you're killing literature with this hollywood hyped bullshit! 

noooo spoiler motherfuckers

fuck u for spoiker, bitch

You don't read.

gatsby doesn't die...

the one in the beginning is no church in the wild by kanye west and jay-z

I've got almost the same too: Why does Leonardo DiCaprio have throw tempter tantrums in almost every movie he's in?

Moral of the story. Dont love someone who doesnt love you back as much as you love them

Jack White - Love is Blindness

I guess it's not the worst Spiderman trailer I've ever seen.

Simply cuz he ain't BRUCE WILLIS! 

What was the song?

@jalane64 you are obviously a complete dumbass. If he "ruined" titanic why is it the second highest grossing movie in history. Go educate yourself dumbshit.

No, once again, you're pathetic. It's not snobbish to explain the greatness of a work of art. It is, however, obnoxious of you to bully someone like a fool when you get called out for being a devil's advocate. I explained why The Great Gatsby wasn't just a good novel to you respectfully and you responded by being an asshole. Go get a personality transplant. 

jalane64 ur a major douche

why is there auto tune in the 20s?  that is not acceptable!

I thought it was catsby

I don´t know why but the ´ah yes!´ @1:06 keeps cracking me up

@jalane64 Yes, that's why Titanic is one of the top grossing films of all time, and that's also why this is one of the largest featured videos on YouTube right now.

The book was awful. The movie is just jazzing it up as much as possible (ha) so it is more appealing to a modern audience. Carey Mulligan looks far too young, but I suppose her acting is the only redeeming quality of this film. It's a shame, because I like the 1920s, but I just didn't find this book all that it's made out to be, and I don't expect the movie to be that much better.

Welp. Time to read the book.

Yep. Gonna go see it

gatsby dies

i was waiting for tobey maguire to say "your friendly neighborhood" ....

God damn all you fucking losers who promote yourselves in the comments. If your videos or whatever bullshit was so good u wouldnt have to advertise like a bumb asking for spare change. LOSERS!!!! Maybe if your videos are so awesome you could pay for advertising like us real americans. You all must be left wing liberal douche bags who always expect a handout from someone better than you. Stop depending on the governments thievery of our taxes for your prosperity and make yourselves fucking losers

What the fuck did i just watch

DVNO

Did anyone else notice that Daisy (the blonde) doesn't actually say "Gatsby" the first time? Her lips don't move but her voice plays over the video. 

My class just finished reading the book :) I can't wait to see it! Even my english teacher can't wait lol

My friend took an awesome video of me break dancing at school, you guys should check it out and thumbs up. It's called "gettin jiggy at school" or just click on my username.

I hope it lives up to the book!

Why does Leonardo Dicaprio have to die in almost every movie he's in?

Whats the song called at the beginning of the trailer?

God damnit Leo... it's like Titanic all over again...


Leo DiCaprio is the BEST actor of all time !!!

Read the book?

AMITABH BACHCHAN IS IN THIS MOVIE 

OH SNAPPPPPPOPP!!!!!!!! 


GO BIG B!!!

@cMKjFQ2K4H Seems legit.

Cool I guess

couldnt be a better gatsby<3

I want to see this!!

i read the book in my 11th grade english class

of course he is gatsby

Terrible music. Another "all style, no substance" effort from Luhrman. What a shame. In the hands of a competent director a Gatsby remake would be quite awesome.

1.Go to the app store
2.Download app trailers
3.Enter bonus code "Disentra"
(without the quotes)
4.Earn 3 free iTunes gift cards and 2 Xbox live gift cards

Have fun

I'm so in love with this trailer!

Love is Blindness by Jack White

It's Love is Blindness by Jack White. It's a cover of the U2 song

Love is blindness~ Jack White :)

The first song is Church in the Wild - Kanye West then the nest song is Love is Blindness Cover by Jack White

i know the first song is no church in the wild by jay-z kanye west and frank ocean.. but does anyone know the second song?

ssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh



don't spoil it for everyone else

what is the song called at 1:00 ?????

I've seriously watched this like 30 times in the past two days!!!! I can't wait to see the whole movie!! :D

@AaronIncognito Don't start.

Amitabh Bachchan in da house!!!

0.0 bioshock?

Robert Redford gang or die.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

The only thing I liked about this was the music. I read the book and though it was good, and I've seen another Gatsby movie.

or their junior year....

I laughed, I cried, my eyes bled from too much art deco . .  . 

Follow me @_SuckMyVICK #TFB instantly

yeah if you read the book you'd know that.

No, I'm not crazy about the book, but I appreciate the book and it's significance. My problem is that you had the audacity to accuse me of something as heinous as doing a great disservice. You shouldn't have said that, because now I had to go and cut you down a peg. You may think your nonexistent point was well made, but clearly you're the only one who thinks so, pathetic.

the DUCK is this?

Why did you do this...?

starring Vincent Chase.

Pish, just as I thought, Jordan is a little snitch!

Gatsby had 21st century swag.Therefore he had a 21st century home.

art deco? 

he dies at the end,,, he gets shot

Not entirely, actually. The trailer for this movie seems to follow the book pretty well, and it looks nowhere to the degree of corniness of Schumacher's Batman films.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

So they did for one of America's great novels--about inhumanity, the class struggle, wealth discrepancy and the power of love to cripple--what Joel Schumacher did for Batman. Gotcha.

Nice:D

I studied the novel for my A Level English Literature exam a couple of weeks a go. It's my favourite book and I am so looking forward to this film! It looks absolutely astounding.

To get an iTunes $10 dollar gift card
download app trailers from the app store
Put in aha123 as the redeeming code 
And enjoy

1:21 - 1:23 DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A HOUSE IN THE 1920s GODAMMIT.

but its not U2 singing, its Jack White.

this is actually the Jack White cover

so lameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

SPOILER . . . SERIOUSLY!: 

 Leonardo Di Caprio dies.

this was the ebst book i read in school this year lol 

U2 - Love is Blindness

Baz Luhrmann is a great director

The parties were biggrrerrrr

WOW WOW WOW. The adaptation that I've been waiting for all my life? This might be it.

Looks boring, just like the book

Leo cool baby

"Love is blindness". The original version is from U2, that one you hear is a cover by Jack White. Both versions are excellent and a "must have".. :)

759 people failed English their sophomore year.

this book is sooooo stupid

i agree, compadre. over and out. 

No Church in the wild by Jay Z ,Kanye West ,Frank Ocean

Damn my babe is so hotttt!!!-3

The word you are looking for here is "coincidence", not "ironic". "What a coincidence".



And that's a very general, superficial look at this book. There are hidden meanings in this book. Draw your own opinions. 

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

in actuality, commas are a bit of a toss up in casual speech. Besides the normal use, they are aesthetically used to indicate a pause for the reader, especially if the sentence is getting too long winded / has too many heavy vowel syllables. 

0:17 is that a zebra in the pool?

I agree about the dialogue but why should modern music be a bad thing? It adds something different to the film... a good example of modern music being used in a film set around the same era as this is "Easy Virtue" - included re-workings of modern tunes :)

Man Tobey's a pretty cool guy huh? Maybe he doesn't get enough love. I've always liked the dude and he seems like a guy who'd make a good bud.

(Hopefully not much of a spoiler, lol.  Didn't occur to me until I hit the "Post"-button, sorry...)

"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."

Precisely.  Although thankfully the actual Shakespeare dialogue remained intact for the most part in that one.

Regarding the trailer here, it *does* appear that *most* key events from the book, such as the infamous "shirt-throwing scene" at 1:22, are included.  So I guess we'll have to wait and see...

Yeah this guy and the 20 people that liked his comment are idiots. Not only does he incorrectly accuse somebody of using irony incorrectly, but he also misuses commas.

anyone else get the chills the first time they see leonardo dicaprio in this trailer?

Ohh my god -3 i love this guy

ehh yo check out my NEW PRANK VIDEO!!

i've been thinking a lot about this trailer lately

and i still think it looks like a shit movie.

and it still pisses me off that fucking australian baz luhrmann shot an adaptation of one of the greatest american novels ever in fucking australia

@danielyorro oh well thats funny because i found a few definitions of ironic and one of them was 'coincidental, unexpected' so i am pretty sure they're using ironic in the right context because it is a coincidence that they just got done reading the book, and there is now a trailer for the movie to come out. there is more than one definition for that word.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

no church in the wild- kanye west & jay-z

what is the song played in the beginning?

Reading this in english class now, not a huge fan of the book so far, but this looks so good :D

Looks like a full immersion movie that I can't wait to dive right into.

Don't "Whatever" me, pal. Alot of great books got ignored when they first came out. Don't accuse me of doing anything a great disservice when you're the bastard bringing down a great work of literature that contributed to the era and is a part of the era. YOU'RE doing a colossal disservice by disrespecting and dismissing The Great Gatsby. This book is a part of the era as much as Flappers and the Charleston, don't you dare take it out on me because you can't see that.  

I see oscars... Some where in it

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

i'm SO watching this movie. just read the book. it's pretty good

i was just watching the new spiderman trailer.... so this is where toby was hiding...

Catch Me If You Can.

Snape kills Gatsby

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Still don't know what the movie is about...

Well, apparently you didn't pass the class.  Considering, you don't know the definition of ironic.

How ironic. I just finished reading this book in English class.

why would this be in 3D?? lol

So... much... SYMBOLISM!
Gah!

I still don't know what the movie is about.

YESS SOO PUMPED BUT I DONT WANT WILSON TO KILL GATSBY!


Look!!! /watch?v=_rwCo_KLfk8

Leo at 2:01 OMG. He's so hot. Yummmmm.

seen?
verb
past participle of see

Fuck you you ignorant asshole. Educate yourself fool.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Carey Mulligan is a great actress, Daisy Buchanan is still a bitch HA!

Wht is the name of the song that plays in the beginning ?

Wat grt

This is such an awful version compared to the original...as usual hollywood f*+^# it up
with going waaay over the top.

3D why?

i guess i need 2read the book 1st  :)

It is a part of our culture. The Great Gatsby IS the Roaring Twenties. The book helped to define and characterize the Jazz Age, a name for the era that the author himself had given it. The book identified everything glamorous and empty about the times and that's why it's significant. It's a powerful work that deserves to be considered The Great American Novel. Even I know this and I'm not an English major. 

?I don't want to see/Won't you wrap the night
Around me/Oh my heart?

Original by U2. Jack White does a wicked rendition, which I think it is now being used on this trailer.  I read "The Great Gatsby" moons ago, but can't recall much of it. Still, I want to see this movie.

love the trailer


Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

jack white


Loved the book, can't wait to see this, hopefully not disappointing

Ohh gosh .. Who doesn't love Carey Mulligan ?

this stuff sucks

Baz is my favorite director! Leo my second favorite actor! and The great Gatsby has been my favorite book since high school. This will be a personal treat for me. 

I am so excited for this movie! The original one was like cold soup because of the choice of music. It was true to the period, but putting modern music to a period piece really allows some people to FEEEEEL the emotions the people felt. I love jazz music, but not a whole bunch of people feel rapture and powerful emotions when they hear it. This music can deliver. I was beside myself the whole trailer. 

i'm trying to think when auto-tune is ever appropriate and it's not coming to me

THEY SHOULD USE CLASSIC JAZZ MUSIC FOR THE SOUNDTRACK INSTEAD OF USING SHIT AUTOTUNE KANYE MUSIC

If they ever get around to making a Bioshock movie, Baz Luhrman should direct it, and DiCaprio should be the main character.

Where's Vincent Chase?

cool kid must be juggular

Honestly I know he is a great actor but you cannot remake this movie. It is doomed at the start. It can't beat the original.

Sexu maybe this will be it

lol at the autotuned music

This trailer is going to be very confusing to those who haven't read the book.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

Mtv's best kiss tobey maguire haha

THIS. IS. AMAZING. 

Would you like a free $ 50 gift card?
It's easy

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

To poor to take the love of his life,he waits through a world war that he fought in as a hero,but was not paid for ,in measure of how he suffered,he comes back and provides illicit drugs to thoes lesser humans who he judges as DOGs,he makes his fortune to woo his love that means more to him than you dogs who over dose and die in the streets without ever fighting.The irony is a low down dog cheating on Gatsby's love gets the husband of the women who he cheats on to kill the Great Gatsby.

What Luhrmann should have done was make this movie using technology as the focus instead of the Jazz Age (put a bunch of people around a table texting on their phones while barely conversing with each other). It would get the careless restlessness across and provide the modernized interpretation he wanted. Though this wouldn't be well received, just as the book wasn't well received upon its initial release, because people would see it simply as an anecdote. 

I'm gonna watch the shit out of this movie!

I wanna see this!

sooo... what's this movie about?

Baz Luhrmann looks to have ruined another film..

I don't like the look of this. It feels like it needs the slightly darker tinge of something like Boardwalk empire. Toby Maguire, Carey Muligan? no thanks.

What the heck is up with this shitty music?

It's good to hear someone saying that. All anybody seems to think the novel is, is a celebration of the Jazz Age. The parties, the music, the decadence.....all described by Fitzgerald to make you dislike the characters and the era. Gatsby himself isn't meant to be some Hollywood smoothie either, so the more he makes you cringe, the truer it is to the book. I think this film will be brilliant.

This looks good. Big Leo fan, but its only half the vision of " thats so erics"

I read this book during my high school years. I regret never finishing it.

You really think a modern, mindless, mass-produced Hollywood film whose only goal is to "hit all 4 quadrants" in analyst speak can have the "same depth" as one of the finest works Fitzgerald ever wrote?  Do you believe in unicorns, too?  

Leonardo is so handsome

The use of music by Jay Z & Kanye West is to introduce a younger audience into the world of great gatsby, all it is is just marketing thats all

just browsing around and I ended up here. we are still in need of help with our problem. the priest won't come and help but we have managed to catch it on tape now.

thumbs up if u r replaying the trailer again and again for the music !! 

How many times can u redeem codes in app trailers

Stupid trailer.

Muy bueno!!!

Love is Blindness by Jack White

The American Dream right? Its been awhile.

guys or gals which song is it, ??? in the end ???? anyone... or is it custom made song/music for this movie ..... 1:10 to 2:25

honestly, when i first read gatsby, i never pictured it like this

i mean that in a bad way

I can't wait till Christmas!

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

I used to be one of those people who said it was shallow-then I got the point you were making.  Excellent book!  Going to be a great movie!

Great music

Great music

Jack White - Love is Blindness (cover from U2)

Because you've seen the movie. I forgot about that. 

Peace of shit got more than 3 million views FTW!!!!

Sick

The American Dream. Next question.

I recently just read the book in class and saw the older movie of the great gatsby, gotta say i actually liked it and can't wait for this movie!

For 9999 points (9.99$) download app trailers and use my code toybobo and buy gift cards for almost any store or PayPal

Amen

Period music would be nice. Autotune wasn't around in the 1920s :P
I hope this movie has the same depth as the book, and doesn't become a Hollywood party simulator instead of the tragic tale of a hollow man...

First song: No church in the wild by Jay Z & Kanye West
Second song: Love is blindness by Jack White

This is incredible! completely faithful to the book.

If you think Gatsby is all style and substance, you clearly haven't read the book very closely. Also, I see no basis for your claim that this movie will be meaningless. 

An awesome trailer.

oh the american dream! i think..

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

No Church In The Wild - JayZ & Kanye West. 

what is this great song??

Idk if anybody said something already but anyone else see the zebra in the pool at 0:18 ???

LOVE the  book and loving this commercial! 
can't wait!!

on the contrary, im STOKED to see this.

Once you understand what you would do to be with the girl you love, you'll appreciate this book, and Gatsby, a hell of a lot more.

what is the plot??

hip hop music for a movie about the 1920's jaahahhahahaha

3D?? jhahahahah fuck 3D!!

god i love leonardo dicaprio

people have different opinions and taste in literature, nothing wrong with that.

The trailer does a pretty good job of showing the Jazz era. It shows a lot of promise, and as we only have it, I find it far too early to make a judgement yet on whether the movie will succeed or not.

tell me why the fluck this flick needs to be in 3D? enough is enough

Can we start the trend where EVERYONE buys and reads this book before seeing the movie? ...like the Hunger Games.

Not ironic, but judging a book by it's cover is a pretty fucking stupid thing to do.

I can't understand how people claim they didn't like the book... they must be the people who don't like reading what they're told to in class. Still, this is one of the few books I actually enjoyed.

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

wait, wait what?

Bueno

They pushed her down a sewer

About 6 years ago in Indiana, Carmen Winstead was pushed down a sewer opening by 5 girls in her school, trying to embarrass her in front of her school during a fire drill. When she didn't submerge the police were called. They went down and brought up 17 year old Carmen Winstead's body, her neck broke hitting the ladder, then side concrete at the bottom. The girls told everyone she fell... They believed them.

FACT: 2 months ago, 16 year old David Gregory read this

I really care what they do with the movie. It's not like it's gonna ruin the book.

Okay class, what does Leonardo DiCaprio symbolize?

Woah.

@optigers1509 you big gay nerd

1rst song?

Wana see a funny video ? Click on my channel Chinefunnytv, SO FUNNY
GOTTA WATCH MAN

Did this video just replay by itself?! DafuQ!

Just read the book in English class last semester , it was a good book... Considering I only read when forced

725 losers never read the book!

i feel like this movie's Jordan Baker is going to suck...

Why is there so much advertising on this vid?  -.-

(PLEASE READ THIS!!!! IT'S NOT A SCAM, I SWEAR!!)
I'm sure you've heard about AppTrailers. It's a really easy way to get gift cards. Anything from Starbucks to Best Buy cards. I use it mainly for ITunes and Xbox live cards. Works for Playstation too. They are one month cards and you can literally earn one a day. It's amazing. Use this code to get started with some cash/points. "easydough". Please try it out... Thanks for reading and earn lots!!!

@dukie133 the second song is called love is blindness by U2

LEONARDO DICAPRIOOOOOO<3

Can anybody tell me what's its about

I read the book last summer and I loved it. This version looks perfect to me. I'm still questioning why it's in 3D but if anyone can make the story work, it's Baz Luhrmann. It's unique and it has his trademark colorfulness and whimsy and his ability to raise the movie to a nearly superhuman plane. I LOVE the cast and I really think this is gonna work.

book is absolutely amazing, and i can not wait for the movie!

The book was horrible and boring and had no substance. It was just about a guy trying to bring back the past so he could have his dumb whore back. If you can make a movie outta that...well than kudos to you.

I disliked this...

hehe ;o))

what the f scott fitzgerald did i just see

no church in the wild-Jay Z and Kanye West

The book was great nd I hope the movie is great to, I see Gatsby's car is yellow like in the book instead of white like in the 2 version

Can't wait for this movie

Does anyone else see the irony in taking a book all about a character that's all style and no substance and stripping all the meaning out of it to make a flashy movie? No? Just me? Okay then.

I know it's a bit too early to judge, but this movie might suck. Bad.

LOVED the book can´t wait for this movie 

FINALLY

hell yes, I'm ready for the video game, I'm so gonna pwn all over the great gatsby: the video game

Two Romeo and Juliet movies from this guy now

Is all the coments on this video spam

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

@BIGwes1028 thank you!

What was the name of the song that was playing?

App redeem enter shakeel202 for awesomeness

Im sorry but i keep expecting him to shoot some webs or something

It's gonna be horrible

Love is Blindness by Jack White
And I agree it looks pretty good!

dude this isn't supposed to be a love story. And Where's Carraway? 

Anyone know the name of the second song? I've gotta say I'm pretty excited to see this rendition. Definitely more modern and artsy than the others.

The whole point is that it's supposed to be over-the-top and excessive. At first i thought it was too glossy and vibrant, but that's what Fitzgerald wanted to emphasize about the time period. 

Hey everybody, I recently uploaded a new video called "kid jumps out of pool" please like or subscribe, it's a great video and I hope to get 1,000 views on it

do you call your mother a bitch as well? :3

*Roll Tribe!* Go Cleveland!

 Can. Not. Fucking. WAIT!!

Jordan baker's got it going on. As she should.

This is by far one of my favorite books of all time and I remember when I read it, I was pissed for days because of what Daisy does to Gatsby and the realization that there are some people who are actually like that.  Theme of the book for me? Trust no bitch.

its supposed to give the younger generation a feel for the movie. If they played jazz half of the young people would not watch it

ROLL TIDE!

Music doesn't fit the era. Thematically it's excellent.

He'll always be Jack Dawson to me :)

is that a fez at 0:18?


fezzes are cool.

Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire are actually best friends in real life.  Should be interesting

i'm with them

the second one is Love is blindness, U2 cover by Jack White

My English Teacher had an orgasm when she saw this.

first one is No Church In The Wild by Kanye, Jay Z and Frank Ocean. off Watch the Throne. dunno about the other one.

The music doesn't fit the theme of this film at all, especially at the beginning.

Cannot express how excited I am for this movie.

Goddamn, I love Art Deco.

Amitabh bachan is in here this is gonna be awesome

And the Academy award for best picture goes to...

I feel like turning this book into a movie is just a bad idea in general. Not that the movie would be bad or anything...but plot line wise it wouldn't fit well into film.

hey come see my channel

Everybody go to my channel and watch my newest video "kid jumps out of pool", it is hilarious and i swear you will love it!!

To get a FREE $25 iTunes gift card and a FREE $50 amazon gift card follow these steps 
Download the app "App Trailers"
Enter the bonus code "imbetter1" 
Then redeem your gift cards
HURY ONLY TEN LEFT

yea what is up with the soundtrack!?

Free iTunes card 


1. Download free app"app trailers"


2. Use bonus code: bradmark5530


And BAM!!!! Free iTunes card

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

Ooooh! Very much looking forward to this! Looks VERY good. 

1.Download APP TRAILERS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "turismo777" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

Spidey meets The Aviator meets Indecent Proposal?

The 710 people who dis liked this are obviously have no place in society 

oh I loved the book so much and this trailer just made it even more exciting. can not wait for december to come.

hey anytime :D

No idea what's this is about

Garbage in.....garbage out.

I hope this movie does the book some justice, because I love the book!

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

The buildings were higher, the parties were bigger, the morals were loose and liquor was cheaper.

Why would they....ughhh nevermind.

ISLA FISHER NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM 

A bad story, a bad movie :S

I dont know, who is he lol

it is not U2, it is jack white :)

no it is the cover by jack white

Thank you. 

No Church In The Wild by KanYe West & Jay-Z (Feat. Frank Ocean)

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

The song in the beginning is no church in the wild 

What's the song at the end??

Amazing song you're hearing: love is blindness - jack white 
It's a cover of U2's.

fenaaaa


song in the begining ?

cant... stop... watching.....

................................... 

I hope this one is better than the original version....

What song is that towards the end?

What song is that towards the end?

OYF!!!!! Gatsby rage at the end!!! Can't wait!!!

We read the book in my junior class honors Americans studies. So many people complained of the book and called Gatsby an idiot. I thought the book was slow at the beginning and then it progressively got better. I have been waiting for this 2012 reboot of the great Gatsby for a while now. Gotta go see it.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

BEST FREE APP EVER EVER!!  Get FREE $10 iTunes card,$20XBox PSNetwork,WII points cards  and a lot more good stuff. Just download "APP TRAILERS" on your iPhone/ iPad/Android to get instant CASH With PAYPAL or GET Gift Cards to watch 30second app trailers. It's cool I already got $40 in iTunes no joke. Use the code "bankhead187" to redeem free points for free gift cards when you sign up. Best thing is its all free! It's free! It's free!!

great I read this in highschool and ppl were snoozing then, I told them this was a great read now it looks like a great movie!!

read the book there are too many things happening at a time that makes it difficult to explain

Another stupid movie about rich white people.  And tell those assholes to get out of my house!

1. What's the plot cause that trailer didn't help and 2. I'm happy Toby is doing another movie but this new dude does look like a better spiderman tho

This movie looks far more entertaining than the book

"i wish i had done everything on earth with you'

What does Carey M. say at the end of the trailer??? I cant understand...

Just weird

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

I'm gonna cry, the more I see this the more I sigh. Two things that will let the film down: Decaprio as Gatsby and the look of the partys, they're prehaps a little too risque... The casting for Daisy and Jordan Is perfect though. 

No church in the wild or something like that

the song in the beggining is "no church in the wild" from the album watch the throne, jay z and kanye west, its a really good album, you should check it out

Anyone know the rap song at the beginning?

yea that's daisy, he says "i'm glad to see you as well" but he kind of whispers it or something so it's hard to hear 

ohhhhhh my god leo

He doesn't say Isobel you dope! He says "I'm certainly glad to see you as well". 

Jack White - love is blindless

'I'm certainly glad to see you, as well'

no church in the wild - jay z, kanye west and frank ocean

i'm english...

Hhhhh bbm doooope

whats the song that starts at 0:58

too bad he dies in the end!

Wrong time to produce this kind of movie but let's wait and see how it turns out to be.It's sad to see a well made high quality movie doesn't do well at the box office!

So um... The Great Gatsby in 3D yea? 0.0

Meh

Can't wait!!!!!


I've read the passage and it says 'The eyes of Doctor T.J. Eckleburg are blue' and 'enormous yellow spectacles', That is exactly what we see and I have heard and read that they represent God himself, looking over the world, seeing everything and everyone. Movies work different to books as well, films are more visual and reliant on imagery than words, you can't include any symbols from the book if they aren't shown on the screen ;) 

fag

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Only address the best videos.
sonfragman[dot]com

EPIC

Wow it seems amazing

does anyone know the song at the beginning?

for those asking the 1st song is "No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye 

The suits from the 1920's through the 1950's were so much sharper than they are today......

Gatsby calls nick  'old sport'

Whats with the "old sport" thing

I love Dicaprio but I gotta be honest, that face he makes at 0:55 is the same constipated face he makes in all of his movies. That shit annoying.

P.S. Movie looks great, and Jack White adds a lot of flare to this trailer.

Bioshock 3 anyone?

Love is Blindness. This is Jack White's remake but the original is by U2

I actually think this is a nice remake of the song, though no one can beat Bono's original <3

Romeo+Juliet..

wats the first song? in this vid

Seems like they stole the story but ditched the themes. Fitzgerald wouldn't be pleased

Another movie that surely looks better in drugs. But 3d really

?????????? ??????? ???? 228! 2 ?????? 28 ??????

AMITABH BACHCHANNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

why the apple in the corner?

Frederic, put your mamma's panties on your head, you are a proper cunt.

??????? ????? ????????? !!!

?? ?????. ????????? ????? ??????? ?????

First of all, I believe that's Jack White.  Secondly, the man has the Midas touch - he is literally incapable of failure, so check yourself.  Thirdly, you are an asshole - hopefully that revelation will help guide your future declarations into a more positive direction.  Good day.

And i thought this was a hair gell

Yeah, I'm a little worried about that too.  This is one of my favorite books, I *literally* have the final line tattooed on me, so I certainly hope that this film ends up being good and not some utter trash that might end up defining the legacy of the story for future readers.

@TheAverageDuo no he said "i'm certainly glad to see you as well".

no spider man. no. what are you doing? you're in the wrong time period.

Looks lame

I hope the ultra-modern music and dumbed-down, non-Fitzgerald-esque monologue is just for the trailer and not actually in the movie.  But then again, we *are* talking about Baz Luhrmann, so who knows?

Who the FUCK is murdering that U2 song?

You're right I'm sorry, but i didn't like it.

Wow, this trailer is horrible - and Baz Luhrmann couldn't direct traffic.

@docsdave Exactly what I was thinking -_-  Haha

?? ?? ??????.

whats hte song at the begining

Wait, apple did something with this...

Where is Vincent Chase? o_O

hmmmm @0:57 is that a name change to the symbolic daisy character?

watch and ENJOY! full latest hollywood movies on my channel..

Rony 2012

Fucking Hollywood. Goddammit. ENOUGH WITH THE REMAKES ALREADY!

what.

creepy...had an urge to re-read the book earlier this month, then saw this x]
disappointing though. not too excited to see it

What is amita bachan doing in a English movie???

Didn't really like the book.

Couldn't have been any more clearer than that.  If you even knew the movie had been done before you wouldn't even have to bother correcting me in the first place.

disappointment...in 3D!

Starring Pinkie Pie as The Great Gatsby.

Wanna have a 1920s party like that, no I will have a party like that when I buy a house or mansion someday that's not near any annoying neighbors. Hot jazz all night and strict 1920s costume policy.

I agree with Jordan looking well cast, although she is way over the top, which is what they're going for in the movie because it all looks over the hop. I also agree with Joseph Gordon-Levit for Gatsby, because Gatsby is not a flashy man in personality. He's more pure than what Leo's showing in this preview. I have to admit that Leo's facial expressions are really good for the reunion with Daisy though. 

Your not doing any justice most people who would be intresed in seeing this film already read the novel and would like it to see it in motion which means they already know the ending. Take your douche-baggery somewhere else

Book was pretty badass. Might see the movie. But all you wankers need to stop giving away the end

Gatsby dies at the end. You're welcome.

gatsby the bootlegger

thumbs up is GCSE brought you here

I hope that Leo and toby make it good...

wow this looks good

I'm SOO excited! this seems like a great rendition of the book! can't wait to see how they made it :)


Toby McGuire! Best choice!

I read the book last year. Lets see how hollywood destroys it.

Adjlsjdms i cant wait!

1.Go to the app store
2.Download app trailers
3.Enter bonus code "Disentra"
(without the quotes)
4.Earn 3 free iTunes gift cards and 2 Xbox live gift cards

Have fun

Oh my god. So excited. Can't stop watching this. The Great Gatsby has to be one of my favorite books, and this movie does it justice. Can't wait!!!!

Awe man like i haven't read the book before>....> dumbass


i remember when they weren't commercials before this vid..

SPOILER ALERT: Gatsby dies

And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne ceaselessly into the past.


Does anyone wanna learn the DANGERS of breathing oxygen? If so check out my channel to find out why breathing oxygen is DANGEROUS

One of my favorite books of all time!....I hope this turns out to be good though...although I have faith in Leo ;) and I'm glad to see Carey Mulligan and Tobey as well.. All are fine actors! 

I loved the book, loved the 1974 version, and I am literally jumping in anticipation for this film. Leo is going to do phenomenal playing Gatsby!! From what I could see from this trailer, it's staying pretty true to the book! :)

1:06 Tooth on Wolfshiem's tie.

To get a FREE $25 iTunes gift card and a FREE $50 amazon gift card follow these steps 
Download the app "App Trailers"
Enter the bonus code "imbetter1" 
Then redeem your gift cards
HURY ONLY TEN LEFT

Leonardo jumps off the titanic and dives into the ocean, and wakes up on a beach in inception, than he goes into limbo and wakes up  in the 1920's as jay Gatsby... Bravo, well done... Well done

3d sucks


How many characters have Leonardo DiCaprio play that die in the story?

i hope that with the 3d we will feel inside a gatsby's parties

I just read this awesome novel in class and I liked it I can't wait til the movie :D

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

Fitzgerald wrote, in my opinion, the greatest American novel of all time. I do hope it isn't ruined.

i read it when i was 17 and i really enjoyed it lol it was kind of tragic and the ending felt rushed but over all i loved it and still do 

I haven't read it, but I imagine it'd be a boring book. From what I've heard it's an incredibly distanced look at what love drives people to do, almost to the point of destroying the very thing they've sought so hard to achieve. That's hardly interesting to high schoolers though, as it shouldn't be.

Fuck you expectations

Hey guys if you want free ms points, psn points or free itunes gift cards then download this app called Apptrailers it is the easiest way by far to get free stuff and if you join it will ask you for a bonus code and type this code in [smasher1220]. So after you type in this code you will be one step closer to getting you free stuff .So go and get your free stuff ,trust me I believed it was bull shit to but then I tried and it worked,But you better hurry this bonus code for any free item of your

@capsparrow100 please tell me you did not just say "cray cray"

Just finished the 1970s film a bit ago. One of my all time fav classic films. I look forward to seeing it brought back to life.

Here we go again...

thats cray cray how every high school read the same fucking book 0-o

I hated this book in HS with a deep passion. I liked to Kill a Mocking Bird, even Lord of the Flys. But this book was horrible. The movie looks badass though! Maybe this movie can help me destroy the awful memories of 3d period.

sadly, i think this isn't going to live up to the DiCaprio name, old sport.

This was required reading in High School, but I couldn't put the book down. I absolutely loved the book. It was all about rich people desiring the simple things in a time of greed and sensationalism. I felt it was the proto rich people screwing up their lives reality show of its age. I'm not so sure about Lerhman on directing this one, he goes for gaudy style, eye popping flair, and unnecessary mind tripping scenes. All of that was just plot dressing that framed the theme of the book.

This movie looks pretty big budget... And Australia was big budget too. How Baz Lurhmann get the money to make these movies? Cause Romeo and Juliet wasn't really big budget or that great either....

This needs to be out. Like now.

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

Not the song I was expecting for this trailer, old sport. 

It's been a while, Toby!

"what kind of a row are you trying to cause in my house anyhow?!"

Walk the pier, a light is seen,
Take note of the emerald sheen.
Go for it, Gatsby, but be wise:
You cannot escape from God's eyes.
Go now quickly, off the dock:
But take note if you beat the clock.
You are to be lauded for being so bold:
But you cannot change what's rooted in old.

This trailer's amazing.

I Quit my job for this us-workforce. net.tc

Now there would be a point to Toby jazz dancing

The trailer sucked but im sure that the moive is gonna be asome

They had best get rid of that shit music and go with some 1920's jazz.

if JGL is Gatsby, then Leo can't be Nick, hahaha. i think JGL would be a nice Nick, honestly. better than tobey.

LOVE IS BLINDNESS!

I could have dealt with a better Tom

i hope leo finally wins an academy award next year

I just finished the book and I have an in class essay on it tomorrow. I'm soooo excited to see Gatsby brought to life as the handsome Leonardo Dicaprio!!! <3

The way Baz is going to portray the love between Gatsby and Daisy is going to be pure prefection it's Santine it's Juliet it's going to beautiful 

LOOK AT THE BOTTOM RIGHT

sophisticated... hahaha any1 who graduated from high school probably read it.. 

Jordan looks well cast from this trailer. The rest of them, not so sure. Couldn't even find Tom. I actually think Joseph Gordon-Levit could've made an awesome Gatsby. Not so sure about Leo. Honestly, I see him more of a Nick. 

I was the only one in my english class to actually enjoy the book. I'm now so excited for this movie. 

why does nobody have parties like this anymore 


Ha! Tell that to the cynical intellectuals who read The Catcher in the Rye

It's the directer's take on the novel. I see your point of view but you have to look at the novel as something that can be interpreted in many different ways. That's what makes a good piece of art. 

I just cant stop watching this!!!

OWL EYES!!!!!!!!!!

The Depression?? Dude, this book is set in 1922. Fitzgerald published it in the mid-twenties. You are off by nearly a decade. In fact Gatsby, the novel as well as the character, is meant to exemplify the excess and materialism of the Jazz Age. Hence the glorious sets, costumes, and cars. 

Its the 1920s. Why the hell is there auto tune music? Honestly those two songs ruined the trailer for me, it doesnt take the book seriously.

ohh yeaahhhhh!!!!!!! Great Depression!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!

PARTY LIKE ITS 1929!

No

Great Book! And I am so excited to see Leo as Gatsby!!!! :D

Leonardo-3

Agreed! I love that song.

Toby Maguire as Nick Carraway

Gatsby gets shot while he's in the pool

Hey everybody download "app trailers" from the app store and you can get points by watching app trailers that you can redeem for iTunes, ps3, Xbox and many more gift cards. You can even transfer the points you make for cash into your pay pal account.

Enter lordmeat into the bonus code when you download for a free 50 points.

When you tell others to download it give them your code for more points

P.S. I've already redeemed $70 worth of psn cards

Worst waste-of-time book I've ever opened. I'll probably be too busy examining the philosophical themes of G.I. Joe and Battleship to get around to this less-meaningful fluff.

A lot of people say that the parties are too big, this is how they portrayed it in the book, very big, crazy, new age.  The whole idea of the "roaring twenties" was to party all night and worry about life tomorrow.  So it did have this new age feel to it, kinda modern because they lived ahead of their times.  I have read the book a lot, and it's actually kinda how I pictured it, though Baz could still ruin it, idk what to expect yet.

Okay, who's bright idea was it to put spiderman in this movie. I'll spend my movie ticket money on something that doesn't make me want to hurl a 600 ounce soda at the silver screen!

yeah.. that will probably stop it from making millions


I'm terrified of Baz Luhrman, and hope he doesn't make a spectacle of this book. The book is subtle and personal, not campy shots and have all of his films drenched in tragic love affairs (Romeo and Juliet, Moulin Rouge). I fear he'll take Fitzgerald's masterpiece and transplant the skeletal plot of the book to fit his unquenchable need to make everything follow the mantra he created in Moulin Rouge: "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return."

so actors cant do more than one movie?

What a crappy decision to use modern music.


looks shit


Hey everybody download "app trailers" from the app store and you can get points by watching app trailers that you can redeem for iTunes, ps3, Xbox and many more gift cards. You can even transfer the points you make for cash into your pay pal account.

Enter lordmeat into the bonus code when you download for a free 50 points.

When you tell others to download it give them your code for more points

P.S. I've already redeemed $70 worth of psn cards

your comment is void because you spelled his name wrong

hey  

They ruined it! Gutsy never sleeps with daisy and the parties are too extravagant

Gatsby gets killed by the owner of the gas station.

this movie WILL be the sequel to inception, just like how inception was the sequel to titanic! lol

Haha

I'm sorry but I don't agree with the casting of Tobey Maguire as Nick. 

Oh gosh... now I have all these images of a Spiderman/The Great Gatsby crossover dancing in my head.

Gatsby dies.

@mrsamms22 this has absolutley nothing to do with spiderman.

No church in the Wild

i just finished ready this book from English class....not bad 

okay thank we got a real nigga here 
thank brother

the first one is no church in the wild by Jay-z, Kanye West and Frank Ocean from Watch the Throne and the second song is a cover of the U2 song Love is Blindness by Jack White.  

Wouldn't ind partying Gatsby style (; 

What's the name of this song?

ATTENTION TUNE IN TO MY CHANNEL COMMENT SUSCRIBE AND FOLLOW ME @lilweasle YOU WONT REGRET IT THANKS

fuck everybody i geti hahahaha


So beautiful. Cannot wait to see it. 

When Tobey Magurie says, "Get the Hell out of here!" I was waiting to see him shoot some webs and "Get the Hell out of There!"

anyone knows the introducion song of the trailer 00:12 to 00:36...

We need a bioshock movie! 

DOES anyone want to work online for free?This is a way to make money online from ages 8 and up ,just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or Google Play  (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$20 (20k points )  Pick your card !GOOD LUCK! P.S. I luv to help ya The bonus code is:   kindliness

Pos spammer

The book was one of the greatest novels of all time. Now, if you would have said "I think the book sucked." Then you would be correct, but the book, in general, did not suck.

I miss Robert Redford's sweating. It was the reason I enjoyed my GCSE English Lit course ;)

0:30 is just one of the drunk girls at gatsby's party that nick talks to

Is that Amitab Bachan

Leo baby

Leo baby

Exactly as I pictured The Great Gatsby ... I'm so stoked to see this movie! Can't wait

For the people who say how dumb the book is, how is it one of the best novels ever?

People are just complaining about how dumb it looks, and im just saying how dumb the book was.

Not Daisy, Jordan

I think 0:30 is maybe Daisy but not sure, I was wondering too

Regarding mass immigration:

Anti-Whites don’t demand that African countries be flooded with non-Africans.
Anti-Whites don’t demand that Asian countries be flooded with non-Asians.
Anti-Whites say they are anti-racist. What they are is anti-White.
Anti-racist is a code word for anti-White. 

Whenever I see Tobey Maguire, I swear all I see is Peter Parker/Spiderman.

I'm pretty sure the liquor was not cheaper if it was being bootlegged! :O

omg YES ! spiderman is back :) with leo dicaprio

One of the greatest novels in world literature reduced to soap for a dumbed down generation.
Is there no beginning to Baz Luhrman's talents?

So excited!!!!

Ziegfeld is spelled wrong!!! :(


I fear a turkey!!!!

I DARE YOU TO WATCH THIS VIDEO
NOT FOR UNDER 18 
PLZ I MEAN IT NOT FOR UNDER 18 BECAUSE IF ANY THING HAPPENS U R RESPONSIBLE 
/watch?v=noSpXeM4oQ0&feature=plcp

Shut up. Please.

another book ruined by a movie

dnag hes doing on the road and great gatsby  hes a busy man 

if i didnt read the book id be so lost with this trailer 

ooooOOOooooOooooooo

ZOMG ZEBRA IN THE POOL


negga

Never thought the book was really that great.

that dudes a fag y am i here

This trailer looks bad.

The narration in the beginning sounds just like a young Charlie Sheen.

They put a pair of glasses on the billboard pair of eyes it seems?

I loved the book. The early film was well done. This looks amazing. Another movie loosely based on this film was actually, Funny People, with adam sandler and seth rogan

I have literally watched this trailer every day since it was released, I'm excited about Prometheus and The Dark Knight Rises but I think this movie looks like something really special.

Dam I wanna play LA Noire now

Damn I wanna play LA Noire now

must read this. once u have started there is no turning back. a little 10 year old girl was raped and murderded in 1945. her body was not found until 1947. then a boy last week read this and did not copy and paste this message. the dead girl appeared in his room haunting him and killed him. if you do not copy and paste this onto 10 vidoes in 30 minutes the dead girl will apear in your room tonight and haunt you and kill you. well you better

The problem with Leo and Toby is that they both still sound like teenagers.  The only way to get a leading man voice is the smoke prodigious amounts of cigarettes. 

U2 - Love Is Blindness & Can't Help Falling In Love 

Baz Luhrmann? I'll be sure to bring my joint!

The song ending is Love is blindness by jack white

excited, i love this book/movie <3 XD

the book was amazing im hoping the movie will be the same
 

So thats why Tobi isnt in the new Spiderman movie :/

Love is Blindness, a cover of a U2 song by Jack White :)

SPOILER ALERT: If you pause at 1:55, when we see the eyes of Dr. T.J Eckleburg, you see a woman falling over with pearls flying all over. If you then pause at 2:06, we see Myrtle running from the garage with the same pearls and clothes. Its safe to say, the shot of eyes is of them witnessing Myrtles death. Just knowing this, we can see that this movie is in the right hands and the symbolism that was present in the novel hasnt been lost in translation. I've seen this trailer too many times O_O

What's the song towards the end of the trailer?

What the fuck is this shit. The original movie was really good and now they come out with this gay ass remake.

Oh no. We have ourselves a silly billy. 

Church Into the wild


No Church in the Wild by Kanye West & Jay Z ft. Frank Ocean.

No Church In The Wild - Jay Z and Kayne West 

Leo still looks so damn hot! ?

Toby Mcguire and leo Dicaprio... I honestly think that neither of them are that great at acting and they ruined their parts in the movies I have seen them in. Especially Inception. 

What's the song at the beginning?

is it just me or is this video on repeat which i don't mind


Wow, how ignorant can you be?

Of course! A good book (actually its a play but most people read it as a book) is Streetcar Named Desire.  Daisy and the main character of Streetcar are very similar in nature.  Another excellent book is 1984 by George Orwell (about a dystopian future society).  Hope this helps!

That looks way more exciting than what I read in high school

this surely beats the great gatsby with paul rudd

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card


I MADE A SONG for the Great Gatsby, even though it's kind of cheesy...
It was for and english project. heehee

(check it out on my channel!) XD

I always thought Tom Buchanan was a muscular built stature kind of man just like the description in the book. But here he looks like a wimp. 

I can't stand Daisy's character..what a superficial, braindead bitch

Seems trippy cool

Average girls falls in love with a rich guy
 THE END

I just finished reading this book in my school I loved it seen the movie too our teacher is going to take all her periods to go see it

I read part of the Great Gatsby and for the life of me...I could not understand what it was talking about...

Would you like a free $10 ITunes Gift Card?

1. Download "app trailers" from the app store or android market.
2. Make your account first or you wont get full Reward.
3. Enter bonus code "everbran503" in the bonus code area.
4. Enjoy your gift card!!!

can you recommend any other novels good like this, not necessarily period pieces but some good literature

the novel itself is a slick piece of literature that talks about the gluttony and affairs of the upper class in the time of prohibition...this trailer, for the most part, adheres to the way The Great Gatsby is presented as a novel.  The film from the 1970s followed the story well enough but didn't play into the visuals and textures the book offered. This trailer at least is using the vision of the book as a whole instead of just the words. Time will only tell whether its a good adaptation.


I understand that, I'm just afraid that this adaptation, something Fitzgerald fans have been looking forward to, is going to cater to the crowd which has not even read the book, as this trailer does. Whether we like it or not this film will be a period piece, and anachronisms only ruin it for the people who truly care. If this was set in modern day then I would be more forgiving. 

Looks like a movie, mhmm

No church in the wild.

The first song is Kanye West and Jay-Z’s “No Church in the Wild,” and the second song is Jack White, former frontman of the White Stripes, doing a cover of U2‘s “Love is Blindness.” 

No Church in The Wild - Jay Z and Frank Ocean
:)

Naaaaow! it goes to Spider-man. =p

Download the free app "App trailers" and enter the bonus code 'freegiveaway .' you can earn money by referring people. Sometimes it's 2 dollars and sometimes it's 3. So make an account!!

0:06 - what song is that?!

Hopefully this is like the book. Book was amazing.

My teacher showed this video in class. Student: A man shouldn't be that fineee. He's so fooinnee. Teacher: hehehe xD

So excited for this

Leo is so damn fine

I do hope and pray that this will finally be the year Leo gets his Oscar.

love is blindness

pprproprobably wont be as good as the book, but Ill still go watch it just cos I think Leo would do a great job of playing Jay gatsbys role

Does anyone know the name of the song that Jack White sings in this trailer?

This looks like a disney version of Gatsby haha

want to see something great? check out our short zombie flick;)

do you mean empathize? Fitzgerald's story presented a snapshot of the Jazz Age. I don't think background music can make characters more relatable, that doesn't make sense and I don't think Fitzgerald's story needs to rely upon cheap tricks like that. I propose that the modern music will not be included in the film. The people who have read the book will likely see the film. A majority of potential viewers haven't read the book, but are easily seduced by the pop music in the trailer

Love is blindness by jack white

can someone tell me what the song is called in the 2nd half of the trailer?

this Daisy doesn't capture the one in the book 

No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye West

Dicaprio needs to chilll out.  so intense buddy.

Good

What's the name of the song in the beginning of the trailer ? 

It'll be interesting to see howboring events (made interesting by Nicks narration) translate into a big budget film

Go back to Oggsford

I think................. THIS SUCKS!!

Why are you here then?

Leonardo DiCaprio is SO BADASS

The book sucked.

what kinda shit is this?

10$ iTunes Gift Card!
 
1. Goto the app store and download "App trailers"
 
2. Use bonus code 49ersftw
 
3.Instantly you will receive your code for your 10$ iTunes Gift Card!!!
 
THIS IS NO SCAM PEOPLE!


united states sucks.

Leo needs that Oscar!

Uhg, I have read the book, that's good enough.

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

I like pie

the book is awesome! So is the book! 

whats the song at the end?


This looks amazing!! A great adaptation on the book, which I love! Baz, I think you've made another hit, well done <3 xox

watch?v=Zy1YTXNdFCU thumps up ?

Haha, we saw the film adaptation from the 70's in our Honors English class not too long ago, and that film was just so laughably bad in the aspects of editing, acting, and the fact that they skipped one important death scene.

But I'm very tempted to see this film to see how it fares compared to the old film. This trailer certainly looks promising, and I love the art style and elaborate scenery/outfits! 

this was probably my favorite book that we read in high school

The speeding yellow roadster sends chills down my spine...cuz those who've read the book know what will happen...Daisy, you naughty wicked girl! ;-)


Peter Parker

It's so wrong. So so wrong. I will cry. With resent and disappointment. 


you should have read the book in eight grade then.

no church in the wild by Jayz & Kanye west ft. Frank ocean and the second song is Love is blindness by jack white.

I will watch this just because I loved 'drive' so much

OLD SPORT

If you haven't read the book then your probably not in highschool

From the thumbnail I thought it was Jack Nicholson. Then I watched it and OMG it's Leonardo DiCaprio!!!! O.o Now I REALLY want to see the movie!!

you motherfucker you better have not spoiled the ending for us !!!!

If you want a free $10 iTunes gift card, then download the free app called apptrailers from the app store, & type  green123  for the bonus code!!

can watch this movie on nobrainDOTdk  (

The book was 1% murder-suicide, 1% fat chicks getting run over, and 98% rich people being rich. And they're making a movie out of that snooze fest? No thanks.

Interested as all hell in seeing this movie.

It's a fair enough point but it doesn't hide the fact that the first song is shite. The other songs are fine. Love, however, is a universal theme which I believe people can relate to regardless of different time periods. The idea of the 'shielding from the ugly reality' is one of the main themes of this book though, the rich in their little bubble being shielded from working class misery, Gatsby's illegal activities never being fully revealed, and the 'Myrtle' incident. BRING BACK THE CHARLESTON

sssoooo ggggaaaayyyy He gets shot in the back in the end. Book is boring as hell.

Read the book Junior year. I can't wait to see this movie!!!

OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG Can't wait for this movie!

Luhrmann's use of modern music is simply a tool. It makes the characters more relatable and "modern" so that viewers emphasize with them. People in the 1920s were no different from us when it came to base emotions like love, passion, jealousy, lies - Luhrmann's use of music is honest and raw, not meant to shield us from the ugly reality of what's going on in this novel - Fitzgerald does the exact same thing. You're meant to feel the emotions, not have a pretty little soundtrack in the background

That auto tuned shite at the start of this trailer completely ruins the mood. For a novel defining the 'Jazz Age' it is totally out of place.

nope, Baz Luhrmann

Can't wait for this movie....old sport

Haha so glad I took English as an a level now!

The song is No Church in the Wild by Kanye West

I hope they don't use that music in the movie. It just seems that it'll ruin the mood of the story.

So freaking excited for this movie I can't even aajskdljcbaoc. 

i kind of wished they hadnt used modern music, or if they did at least they could have used more 1920's elements in it. the mood thats set my this music isnt right for the story. 

The amazing music in this trailer is Jack White's cover of Love is Blindness. It fits this trailer so well! Thumbs up if you cannot wait to see Gatsby!

Love is Blindness (cover) by Jack White

Can someone tell me the songs featured here, please?
:)

This looks bloody fantastic.

Leonardo, Amitabh, Toby and Carrey. All in one film!
Bloody amazing.

I really want to like it...but I'm not sure that I can take Leonardo Di Caprio seriously as Gatsby. Oh well. Maybe that'll change in theaters!!! :D

meh :/

I thought Vinny Chase was doing this movie

Besides the fact that this trailer is AMAZING, and I can't WAIT to see this movie...
What song is this?

Gatsby is the most epic character in the history of books.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

@ScreamR77 the song is "No Church In The Wild" by Kanye West and JayZ

No church in the wild_ JAy Z and Kanye West


????? ?????!!

 what Mike implied I'm amazed that you can profit $6543 in one month on the internet. have you read this webpage makecash16.c om

Bakwaaaass!

i remember reading this in high school and not liking it too much. I think i really hated Carey Mulligan's character coz she was way too melodramatic. BUT i actually dont remember the story too much


Tell us!

Wish I paid attention in English back in high school so I could understand what the hell is going on in this trailer...

Leonardo -3 -3 Excited to watch it!

Kanye West? Seriously?

the original great gatsby movie will always be the Best... just stop making newer movies out of old ones already! -_-

hey watch all latest movies FULL on my youtube channel'''''''''hollywoodmoviezdotcom''''''''''' .i hope you would really ENJOY!

1:47 Gatsby, what a sweaty fuck

I luv u gatsbyyyyy gatsbyyyyy gatsbyyyyy

What's a dumbledore?

Thumbs up if you think Toby is too thin :)

I'm so excited to see how Myrtle and George are portrayed in the film....I felt so bad for them reading the book.

Except... The liquor wasn't cheaper at all, this is prohibition, if anything it is much more expensive, maybe cheaper tasting. And this party is ridiculous and out of character for the 1920s just because they were wild parties doesn't mean they looked like this. I think this might be DiCaprio's first recent bomb because I don't think he fits the role of Gatsby, too serious. In all I am expecting very little of this movie

The problem with his version though is that he moved stuff around as opposed to just trimming it to make it two hours long. I don't mind editing so that there doesn't have to be an intermission but at least keep lines in the places where they were originally.

Ummmmm...Zeigfeld Follies???? Try Ziegfeld! 


brilliant movie... love the songs.. playing in the background.. could'nt guess the first where toby gives introduction.. but second i got.. love is blindness... suits leo.. and the time he enters in the scene.. 

This movie is going to bomb sooooo bad; I'm so disappointed with how they are portraying the book.  The critics are going to eat this alive.  They are making the film look like a cartoon, like the recent King Kong or Spider Man.  What is with all the CGI???  All I have to look forward to now is Prometheus.  There are just to many hands in the cookie jar for this film.  They should have gotten someone like Christopher Nolan or Paul TA or David Fincher. This blows so bad, Hollywood in for the kill

LOOKS FUCKIN' JUICY.

It won't stray from the book, everything in the trailer is exactly what happened in the book

It's too bad it comes out 4 days after the end of the world. :(

SPIDEY

Clearly you're an idiot and a troll.

At 0.17 - is that a ZEBRA in the pool??? It looks one sorta... :P 

no church in the wild by jay z and kanye :)

I'm so used to people misusing "then" and "than" I thought you'd written your sentence wrong.  I commend your grammar.

Ha. Have you even read the novel? It's not exactly about class and integrity.....

what's the music at the beginning, before the fireworks and Love is Blindness?

I just finish reading this book in english and took a test on it recently!!

To get a free $10 iTunes gift card:

1) Download App Trailers, app for free from app store

2)Under bonus code type Rightscope1  to redeem your free $10 iTunes gift card

Really works act fast !!!!

How can a generation lacking class and integrity portray a generation containing class and integrity? It cannot. This looks embarrassingly bad. Go figure.

I wonder who will be playing Tom Buchanan and Mrytle....lol

Good eye, but I think that's just an inflatable...zebras look bigger, imo. Good eye though!

There were. Just 1920's are a different type of hot than today.

I see your point. I think this particular trailer, though, doesn't resemble a modern day triple A video game nor does it seen directed towards young idiots. 

Spoiler alert: wilson kills gatsby

I get some ppl don't like 3D just go see it in 2D if that's the case and as for 3D sucking money out of moviegoers one euro is all it costs for a pair of 3D glasses and u get to keep them so tis a once of payment!!!   And as for re-writing Shakespeare if ur going rip into Luhrmann for doing then you'd have to rip into every other adaptation or Shakespeare a play or movie of any of his work is never the full text it is always edited ALWAYS! I agree with you about Leguizamo he was unreal as Tybalt

Leonardo Decaprio in Leonardo Decaprio gets mad at spiderman

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

I knew right away why they cast Toby Maguire as Nick: Because he is the narrator. ^_^

1:08-1:10 is going to become one of the greatest meme faces to hit the internet. lolol

Thanks!

The last song played is Love is blindness By U2.  Jack white made a cover on it

I am so glad my English teacher made me read this novel because I get the quote "Your always so cool" anyone else with me? :DD


After seeing the old The Great Gatsby, I don't know if I want to see this one...

sigh*....everything's in 3D these days

Song name?

now when I read the book again on December before watching the movie, I'm going to picture DiCaprio as Gatsby and Maguire as Nick -.- oh how my imagination is ruined -_-

OH AND HORRIBLE CAST, just hope that the movie is good! :D

The song is called, Love is Blindness

What the hell is No Church in the Wild doing here?

Im not a fan of these comments but its hard for little people to get noticed on youtube so if it wouldn't be a bother come checkout 
My channel tricksterrapz and my friends channel jayrapz...
Thank you for your time :)

Joseph Gordon-Levitt would've been better for Nick... but they hit the nail on the head with DiCaprio

The akward moment when hes not spiderman

@...watch more full AWESOME movies on my channel....hollywoodmoviezdotCOM

@Robotstunt It wasnt even boring...its probably the best of all the books ive read throughout school...you must be an illiterate fool.

Spider man... -.-###

Looks good I can't wait to see it :)

thanks :D

Good

This is going to be great! This trailer for this movie already proves that; the music, cast, and perfection to every detail.  I'm beyond excited, I can't wait.

Hi there.
There's a sweet app called App Trailers. You watch apps and earn points to gift cards.

Use the code "animedan" for bonus points.

Would you like a $10 itunes, amazon, xbox, etc giftcard?

1. Download "AppTrailers" from the app store or android market.
2. Enter bonus code "everbran503" in the bonus code area for your first $10 girftcard.
3. Watch app reviews for extra money.
4. Enjoy your gift card!!!!

Song?

I hope the movie is actually good as the last movie and the book...

Haha it was so boring, I had to read it in the 10th grade. The movie looks really good though and I always imagined a guy like Leo to play gatsby.

Omg!!! Leonardo DiCap is perfect for Gatsby!!!!! XD hope his love interest does a better job than the actress in the older version!!!!

I read this in school man I loved it

were there no hot chicks back then?

this isn't a remake... this doesn't look shitty, and it seems as if the story actually flows through the movie!!! :D

MUSIC IN VIDEO:
No Church in the Wild by Kanye West and Jay Z
Love is Blindness by Jack White

Who else read this boring story in school?

Would you like to easily earn Amazon gift cards to buy all your favorite things? 
Its easy, 
Just download App Trailers from the Apple Store or the Android Market

Then in the Redeem Code area type in: amazongifts

You will be instantly started off with enough points to get you buyin on Amazon. Good Luck!

AMITABH BACHCHAN!

Maybe it's just because it's in HD or because the trailer starts out with hip-hop music, but this all seems just a little to big and modern for the 20s. But if they're trying to do what they did in DiCaprio's romeo and juliet - give it an altered creative modern adaption instead of sticking exactly to the book - i think i can get on board.

Poor George.

OMG! DOES anyone want to work online for free?This is a way to make money online from ages 8 and up ,just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$20 (20k points )  Pick your card !GOOD LUCK! P.S. I luv to help ya

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

What those this have to do with the salon in nj?

I think that they picked the right actor to play as Gatsby

Someone tell me why there is a zebra in the pool 0:17

Like if you read the book in highschool

hip hop music for a movie in the 1920's jaahahaha

I got a free iTunes gift card! If you want one too, Install the app 'App Trailers' and type in the code 'xboxlivefresh' when prompted for 50 free credits! I've gotten 100 dollars worth of gift cards in 2 weeks!

meh. 


whats the song that started at 1:00?

App trailers has NO glitches were you get more then 50 points per bonus code so don't believe those people.

Yo guys ok I found a GLITCH on the app called "app trailers" and if you do this glitch you get a $10 pay pal gift card and here is how you do it FIRST  
You download this app then got to friend invited you then enter (adhj2468) and enter it's really awesome.

no church in the wild by Kanye and JayZ


jay-z, kanye west, and frank ocean-no church in the wild

Anybody happen to know what the first song is called?

Gatsby dies.

You forgot to tell him to get his organic gas and shit. Don't want the 20,000 degree Fahrenheit sun to give us a sunburn cuz the ozone layer is gone. That stuff is bullshit.

Jack White-Love is blindness


Dicaprio seems a little miscasted... I think brad Pitt would have been stellar in the role of Gatsby.

this movie would do a lot be a lot better if the girl was actually hot. Also I don't like the choice of decaprio being gatsby. He is supposed to be older. Disappointing 

Anybody notice how Toby Maguire says "higher" weirdly in the beginning of the trailer?

Omggggggg I'm excited (:

Spiderman. Whatchya doin here?

/watch?v=pmMWteqmZ2g&list=UURnG9p2k_fGsEAGO3xxKMgg&index=1&feature=plcp

Meh

This exists? FUCK! THERE IS NO GOD.

ohmygod ohmygod yESSSS.  I can't wait for this!

whats the second song?

sorry i don't listen to to jay z nor kanye so i thought you were praising it but i saw the phrase "nothing says ..." i just wanted to make sure you were being sarcastic

I hate the casting for Tom and Gatsby. DiCaprio is too cool and cold in this to be Gatsby. Joel Edgarton does not nearly channel the young, tall, stupid, athletic meathead that is Tom. I hope the acting and writing makes up for questionable casting.

Tobey's sexy!!

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

***MAY 27th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

thumbs up if your viewer 2,999,956.

how appropriate that an american classic be about money and buying love with it. america pretends to be beyond class consciousness and more about the freedom to be an individual and expressing individual potential. but that potential is ultimately about money and conformity to ideas of success dictated by the upper classes.

tobey macguire is perfect for this but i think di caprio is ruining it for me

Wanna make some $? Get the app trailers app in the app store and type the bonus code timeline26 for $50 in gift cards. I swear it works. Wanna find if im lying plzz do cuz i swear im right

I know you've seen this before but,
App Trailer is having a special this weekend where bonus codes give double points.
If you don't already know, AppTrailers can be downloaded for free from the AppStore or Android Market
All you have to do is get the FREE app, and use the bonus code mer272
This code will give you enough points to cash out for real life rewards like iTunes gift cards or PayPal money! You make more points as you watch sponsored trailers, and 20% bonus from using my code!
Thanks!

fuck spamers, dont give them a chance to spam ^^

dont watch movies, read the books...

If you see the movie, you have to read the book at least twice to get it all in. The sentences are immaculate. I can't describe how well the words flow. The movie will not do the book justice considering the quality of movies these days.

Glad to see Joel Edgerton getting more acting roles...oh also the movie looks great.

1:53 - 1:54 o-o tobeeyyyyy

@kiya12309
Salinger didn't write the great gatzby F Scott Fitzgerald did

Ok, I founded, it is "no church in the wild" from Kanye West

oh sorry that is second song, first song is from Kenye...

Love is blindness by jack white

all i want for christmas is the great gatsby!

I know all the major plot points and pieces. I understand what is going on. Don't worry, I basically know the book.

Never said it wasn't. Just cool to see it come to the modern big screen.

The second song that plays is "Love is Blindness" covered by Jack White. 

You should finish the book first. Also, this was made into a film 38 years ago. 

I read this book in 11th and saw the old version this one looks awesome can't wait till it comes out my favorite high school book

I know you've seen this before but,
App Trailer is having a special this weekend where bonus codes give double points.
If you don't already know, AppTrailers can be downloaded for free from the AppStore or Android Market
All you have to do is get the FREE app, and use the bonus code mer272
This code will give you enough points to cash out for real life rewards like iTunes gift cards or PayPal money! You make more points as you watch sponsored trailers, and 20% bonus from using my code!
Thanks!

Love this book so much

The man in the crowd dancing @0.28 sure looks like he's having a good time!

I read this book in high school so I really want to watch this movie

I just had to  read the book in English class a few months ago. I didn't read the entire thing, but from what I read, it was a cool story. To see it come to life on the screen, especially after this long is going to be cool.

it is DRAMA romance, so...

I personally hated redford, I can see him acting..

who is singing? I want the name of the singer of this version, thx 

no church in the wild

Looks fantastic!! Love the book, the Film with R. Redford was great too, but this one will rock. ;-)

I would nominate Jack White III for an academy award for his cover of Love is Blindness in this movie.

Like pop punk? Check out my band here on this channel! Awesome trailer too :)

i'M NOT THE ONLY ONE?

what is that kanye song at the begining? 

me too. I can not wait to see. sooooo excited!!

***MAY 27th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

I'm really not pissed that they used a Kanye song in the trailer.  As a matter of fact, Kanye's music has many strong Fitzgeraldian themes relating to the self made man and the decadence of wealth.  However, "No Church in the Wild" has none of these themes.  They could have at least used a song from Twisted Fantasy.

hahaha FAIL

hahaha i think everyone here has read the book already so... nice try TROLL

Spoiler: Gatsby gets murdered by Wilson because Tom told Wilson that Gatsby was the one who killed his wife Myrtle. But it was really Daisy who killed Myrtle. And btw no one shows up to his funeral besides Nick.

Deal with it.

Can't wait to see Tom break Myrtle's nose and Daisy run her over. LOL poor Myrthle. 

if only the teachers showed us this movie rather than the stupid one from the 70's

right

bit.ly\MRexcb

I didn't like the book that much but this movie looks pretty good.

SO EXCITED


is that a zebra at 0:18?

What song is that? In the beginning

No church in the wild and this cover of "Love is blindness" by Jack White are gonna become famous ! 

@LiFeClanForLiFe 

It's called No Church in the Wild by Jay z and Frank Ocean :-)

AND WHERE IS SPIDERMAN ???

What song is that in the beggining?

OMG, how am I gonna wait for this? Til February 2013...

hey, so... why excatly isnt Gatsby driving a Rolls Royce? I mean... you know, not like it's a MAJOR PART OF THE BOOK, just wondering...

I can't stop watching this trailer!

i think i'll only like this better is for Leo..... I read the book and I was so confused throughout the whole thing.

I can't wait! I adore the music choices!

read the book in high school and it was awesome. cant wait for this movie

You can't beat Robert Redford as Jay Gatsby.  Some stories just can't be adapted to film accurately.  Movie looks awful

from what i know about this, salinger didn't want the book made into a film. technically they might be able to make it a film after the copyright expires, which is about 70 years after the  author dies. Salinger died in 2010, so technically the movie can't be made until at earliest 2080, by which point, many of us will be dead. Depending on how young you are you might have a chance to SEE it, but certainly none of us will have the chance to act in it.

this isn't how i pictured this to be at all. oh well. i didn't really like the book anyway

Thumbs up for Mr. Amitabh Bachhan 0.30 & 1.04 :)

Syrian kids


/watch?v=pyklvw36rOg

this was already a movie, but this remake looks awesome

I love this book

lol ya, the fact that my meme-ish comment isn't canon with the book means I haven't read it. So tru, so tru.

You hate fun. 
The fact that my meme-ish comment isn't canon with the book doesn't mean I haven't read it.  
Never take anything that references Carly Rae Jepson seriously.

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

is that amitab batchan ?!!

i don't know if this is still true or not, but JD salinger demanded that his book not be turned into a screenplay. i'm pretty sure the salinger estate still maintains this request. 

I would like This movie if the book didn't make 5 weeks of my life a living hell

:( this book was so awesome and so awful at the same time

uhmmm this is perfect. 

Love Is Blindness by Jack White.  It was originally by U2.

I know.  I already dislike her, just from the trailer.

I LOVE Leo DiCaprio, but I think he's a little old to play Gatsby. Nick, Gatsby, and Tom are all supposed to be around 30. Toby Maguire looks a little young and whoever is playing Tom looks too old too. I'll still go see it though

Can I just say that Leonardo is incredibly attractive as Gatsby. I wouldn't have minded reading the book if I had his image in my mind.

shut up faggot

The Great Gatsby was one of the most boring and depressing stories I had to read in school. Why the hell would anyone want to make a movie out of that?

First song is No Church in the Wild by Kayne and Jay-Z
Second song is Love is Blindness by U2

no church in the wild


There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

this makes me want to read the book

@ThePreness Everyone and their mother has read this book before.

Hell Yeah

History repeats itself. Ten years ago, Leo DiCaprio appeared in 2 films at the end of '02: Kings of New York and Catch Me if You Can.

Now on the SAME DAY he'll star in Great Gatsby and Django Unchained. It will be great holiday for all of us again!

Mad good music. 

0:17 Did I just see a Fucking ZEBRA in the pool.....???

Leonardo DiCaprio is Gatsby? He's exactly what I pictured <3

Can't wait to see this film.

@dienicnic888 Wow I love Jack White. Thanks!

my channels name is hilarious!

@TheGrimAtheist Love is Blindess Jack White

The book was fantastic, the original movie was equally good, and I'm sure this will be just as good if not better. I don't know how I feel about DiCaprio being Gatsby though. I don't feel that he can pull off the classy, materialistic attitude that Gatsby has. I'm sure it'll be a great movie though despite my unsure-ness of the main character.

Excuse me but does anyone know the name of the song that plays at the end of the trailer? Thank you.

Wow hated reading this in HS and the old movie sucks ass but this looks pretty damn good esp excited 2 see wild flapper party

This music ruins the trailer

Knock knock
who's there?
Daisy !
Daisy who ??
Daisy me rollin',they hatin'

actually i think the music fits the mood quite well

This looks stupid.

does the beat at the beginning remind anyone else of how the trailer for snow white and the huntsman starts? 

i don't think it's trying to say 1920's Long Island. I think it's trying to make you feel the reality of the debaucherous lifestyle they lived. Using jazz wouldn't really work in this day and age 

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

The great thing about this is: The same day this releases to theaters, Dicaprio's OTHER movie he's currently working on with Quentin Tarantino releases the same day... :)

There actually already is a catcher in the rye movie

i remember wishing that there was a decent movie version when i read this in high school


Oh man I used 2 hate DiCaprio in his Romeo, Titanic, Mask days... but especially since the Departed movies with him are nobrainers... he's become one of Hollywoods most awesome actors. He's got a good mix of Tommy Lee Jones and Jack Nickelson in him... that's what I recognize.

Next movie has to be catcher In the rye

The all seeing eye.

is this sarcasm?

Sorry it's Love is Blindness, not Painless 

At the start Jay-z and Kanye- No church in the wild and then it's Jack White- Love is painless :B

Nesecito verla

What are the songs used in this trailer?

What. What is the music in this trailer? If it's anything like R+J, I do not have high hopes...

Yayaya cannot wait love Leo he is amazing !

*DiCaprio, and I agree! XD

Looks stupid

i dont like the way jordan baker looks. I imagined her with a friendlier welcome look not skinny bitch

Was he the maker of that Gatsby hair wax?

You don't need to capitalize after a comma. It's sad because you really tried to put a few words together without any grammatical errors.

He thought before he typed, not talked. Its just that his thoughts regarding movies were not very thorough.

He is ignorant in the field of movies, just as you might be ignorant in art history.

He made no comments regarding Oscars.

Technicalities? I think so.

Sorry, I just had to.

The Great

Daisy and Gatsby knew each other several years earlier before Gatsby left for the war. In the trailer it was their first time seeing each other in three years or so.

I'm a killjoy.

Gatsby

This trailer makes the movie seem more exciting than it's supposed to be, but I'm still going to see it. :)

***MAY 27th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

Hey I just met you
My name is daisy
I like your cool suits
So call me maybe

thanx :D

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

So... there's a zebra in the pool during the pool party scene at 0:17.  I think that was in the book.

2 best friends get together again in a movie!! ( Tobey+Leo)

What songs play in the trailer?

***MAY 27th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

I just saw the original in English class I cant wait for this

no church in the wild - kanye west & jay z

I wish I could look that good in a suit

...you're dumb. 

what song is this?


@Mugu1395 it's called no church in the wild by jay z and kanye west :)

Spoiler: Leo plays Gatsby...

Hes turning into a jack nicolson

Hey does anybody know the name of the song that is played at around 00:15 ?

LE O N A R D O
I S
S U C H
A
S E X Y
B E A S T

My Damn 5th Peroid Had To Read This The Book Was Boring As Hell Probably Chap. 1 And 2 Were, But It Looks Eh I'll Check It Out.

Leo is a god

Well, I'm withholding judgement on how good the movie is gonna be, but at least it's getting my younger sister, who usually reads nothing but Gossip Girl books, to read something that's really good.

I'm really excited for this film. I just hope that the director realized the Great Gatsby is more then just parties and flappers. It's also a love story between Gatsby and Daisy

See, if they could make what you're reading in AP English/Literature seem this cool, then maybe we wouldn't hate it so much, lol.

i love carey, but her accent here is really distracting in a bad way

what it is about party and being cool? the movie trying to be the best pictures

This is bound to be a box office hit. Why? It's got that guy from titanic and it's based on book that kids are told to admire. People like the movie before they even walk into the theatre, and undoubtedly you'll get tons of douche bags who will act like they're the experts even though anyone whos been to high school knows this story

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

A lot more color shown in the trailer than I imagined the film would have. But then when I saw the bleak grays of the inner city, the contrast was beautiful.


How is the story changed completely? I can literally take every scene in this preview and match it up with a part of the actual book.  The quotes in this alone are almost work for word from the book.  They even have iconic pieces of the book; the yellow car, the billboard with the glasses, the innocent narrator; NY city.  The architecture and costumes alone are amazingly beautiful it was like the book was brought to life.

I can't wait to see this movie!!!

A probable reason for the retraction of prohibition was the government saw all the money they were missing out on all of which was going to rise of organized crime in the US.  But then again the rise of organized crime led to the rise of a larger government such as the creation of the FBI and things like wire tapping.J Edgar Hoover who created the FBI coincidentally is played by Leonardo DiCaprio in another movie.

Yes takes place during the prohibition & Gatsby is involved with bootlegging.  Without taxing and regulation of the government hooch was cheaper.  Makes you think who were the real criminals the mobsters or the US government.

Thats when you know their out of ideas

This looks good. For the people who say these are bad actors should really shut up. These are talented actors. Be lucky they're not Disney stars. Theyre actual talent.

One of the best books of all time! Can't wait for this!

Oh my God yes.

I'm going to hate seeing people label this as their favorite movie without taking the time to read the book 


no church in the wild- jay z and kanye west

if you actually read the book you would know that its not for 12 year olds.

"The liquor was cheaper", wasn't it during the prohibition?

whats the song at the begining

It funny how I'm watching this while applying "Gatsby" the hairstyling product.

Amitab bachan is in this film!

same here...amazing awesome production 


I read the book with my Inspiring English teacher who is now getting laid off from his job.
When I first looked at the book, I judged it by it's cover, but until I got a good understanding of it, I kept on reading it. Soon we saw the Movie with my class, & now after seeing this trailer. There's no doubt I'm going to see this movie. Sorry for loss of your job Mr. Wegner, Please come back to substitute some time. We all will miss you.

CANNOT wait to see the Django Unchained trailer! 

Pretty big stretch calling the 74 film a classic.  It was mediocre.

Overrated!!

shows what you know, go back to watching transformers and avengers.

great:

Please see the poor weavers in Vietnam, who are creative house ware, kitchen ware, basketry, etc from Rattan, bamboo, sea grass, fern. All made by hand, with love

Please access google search and type: viet creative art.com

Thank you

Ricky
Skype ID: ha.thoan1

Terrible Actors

@fte26 *movie

English class agghhh i got B -_-

Another shitty movies for 12 year old's to watch. grow the fuck up!

damn it really looks like 2012 is gonna be an awesome year for movies

ehhhh!! He is Spiderman!

I can't wait to see this!!!!! My English class wanted to have a field trip to see it, but it's "too inappropriate for the school setting" because they predicted it to be rated R :( I'm still going to see it in theaters though... No one can stop meeee :))) it looks so good!

Amazing

How desperate must he be, playing iconic characters, he is practically begging for an Oscar, I say give him one so that he won't destroy any more films with his mediocre acting

Check out my channel please if you love music I am a young  artist trying to make my dream a reality...

God Carey Mulligan makes the same eyes over and over and over again.

looks rather different to the last great gatsby film..

AMITABH BACHCHAN FOR THE WIN

oppinions dont equal fact...derp

whats the name of the song in starting


Why does this have so many views? Trailer is not even epic

Amitabh bachan is in this movie

I really can't wait for this film!!! XD It looks so amazing !!! 

While I'll say this movie doesn't NEED a remake, I think Dicaprio looks perfect for the role of Gatsby.

Actually, I think that song is a terrible interpretation of the film. You have to stay true to the integrity of the novel.

I didn' t knew Meyer Wolfsheim was Shah Rukh Khan's Dad ;-)

Oh how I hated this book, but the trailer looks pretty awesome though.

No, doesn't fit my taste.  :/

watch now.all new hollywood movies full on my youtube channel...hollywoodmoviezdotcommmm

Read the book people!! Because this movie looks like a disappointment

Me too!

YAY!!!1 Tobey Maguire's first hit after spiderman!!!!!!!

Awesome

I don't know why but i just love this trailer watching over n over again :)

So surprised when I saw Amitabh Bachchan!!

Good acting....the last movie made was far over-acted..

Follow me on twitter @The_landOfRoses .. Thank you :)

This trailer is fucking awful

dude fuck yeah!

Me too! I'm so glad they didn't go for Ben Affleck. Also Carey Mulligan makes a great Daisy.

Luhrmann will do what he does and it'll stand on the shoulders of Fitzgerald.

dAMM yong love,im old and my bride im sure has a Gatsby in her past.

if THE ASSASINATION OF JESSE JAMES never existed. Brad Pitt would have been a great choice at GATSBY, and Casey Affleck as NICK CARROWAY. i just read the book for the first time two months ago, and i kept imagining the Nick Cave music everytime they talk about the "mysterious" Gatsby at the beginning.

that being said, i'm glad for this adaptation. Luhrman will be Luhrman and i'm glad he didn't change. the music fits in a way, since the 1920s needs to have a new vibe to it for this movie.

Thumbs up if you hate 3D! 

@Derrickjmarshall maybe you should read the book you uneducated dumbass

watch PINA and HUGO. they used 3D differently. and probably the reason why 3D would be a great art form for movies in the coming years

His music won't fit this movie.

yeah in Romania it's the same

Looks like great movie.

Porn for English class teachers

no church in the wild in the beginning makes the trailer fucking badass.... FTW!

Joel Edgerton is EXACTLY how I pictured Tom.

"What kind of a ROW are you trying to cause in my house?" A row meaning a quarrel or a fight...

xD

JACK WHITE  - LOVE IS BLINDNESSS (U2 COVER)


I just read the book with these characters in mind, this cinema in mind and this music in mind and it was, AMAZING!!!

song name please?

The book was awesome, i can tell itll be awesome, and AMITAB BACHAN'S IN IT!!!

"what kind of a row, are you trying to cause in my house." Joel Edgerton has a very raspy voice,plus he's doing an american accent so the difficulty to understand is understandable.

This doesn't help me with my essay

Dr. T.J Eckleburg is only portrayed as an old advertisement in the Valley of Ashes.

yeah it is

isn't Gatsby a hair styling product?? xD

willing to watch is... looks interesting!
:)

I remember reading The Great Gatsby back in high school and not understanding it very well. Now that I am older I appreciate it more with this movie piquing my interest, sincerely.

Movie looks retarded. A hyper mess. Too much awful color. (Not a tribute to F. Scott Fitzgerald, for sure. More like Baz Luhrmann saying "Look how cool my movies are!!")  

what is the first song that plays is it kanye

no dude at 0:32 , its owl eyes. 

That old sport stuff practically kills me ;]

i think you're talking about Dr. TJ Eckleburg

first one is no church in the wild second one is love is blindness

I think Leo would make an okay Nick, a good Gatsby, but a great Tom.

@MoreCowbellXD lol!

didn't like the book much, over-rated in my opinion. The 70's movie was unfaithful and overall quite a bad example of films in general, plagued with bad or awkward acting, massive miscasting and bad screenwriting. This new one seems to be using the 70's film as its basis rather than the novel, which I'm quite ok with. The novel as a film would be boring and many would reject it. I plan to see this movie without keeping the book in mind because it will be so distant, and I hope others will too

read the book...hated it.

...its gonna be in 3D?

I looked at "Gatsby" and thought it was the hair gel

Every high school english teacher is so wet for this movie

Good job Old Sport!


Why Leo as Gatsby? He would make a better Nick

okay they "modernized" it way too much...and they just had to put Tron music in the beginning didn't they? -_-

i dont think itll be as good as the original. Nothing beats Robert Redford 

You know what, shut up. I love Baz Luhrmann and if you want to say that, "don't worry, there will probably be jazz music in the movie," then you can just fuck off. All of his films have tasteful modern music, they really do, and I'm so, so excited and happy about this film, it's just crazy, it will be so well done it will blow everyone's mind, in my opinion. I love every moment of this trailer, and I love all of the book's sparknotes too. Hahaha. Fuck you. 

"Her voice is full of money."

Leo is fucking handsome!

An Oscar for Leonardo?

Relax, it's a different take on an excellent story. And it's always been debatable who the actual main character is; the movie seems like it just taking a different perspective about it.

Vanum mannum

What car is that?

OMG!!! Amitabh Bachchan is in this movie. U must see this

no church in the wild

I love the book..Can't fucking wait.

This book is good and worth it! Really.

Really disappointing trailer, the music is completely inappropriate and the film looks much too stylized, focusing entirely on Gatsby not on Nick. Hopefully the film itself will keep Nick as the central protagonist, as the entire point of Gatsby is that he's a bit of a mystery who we see from Nick's perspective

Yeah I high five

Not that great of a book to me. The book is not bad or excessively good, it's just didn't capture my interest. Now this may sound like an appalling criticism of the book but it is way to white for me if you get what I'm trying to say. I can't relate to most of the books themes. But that's just my opinion man. The Transformers movies make huge records in the box office doesn't mean it is good. I'm Filipino how can I relate to the struggles the book discusses about. It's a huge culture shock to me

The Indian at 1:03 is Amitabh Bachan, the most famous actor in India (most legendary at least, there are a lot more youngsters, but he is timeless).

American economic boom + Post-WW1 cynicism and breakdown of stricter morals = Pretty much what you described

Jaja...:))

I'd almost want to see a re-imagining of the story with more modern music. Could add an interesting element.

i love leonardo dicaprio! hes the sexiest man alive!!
... ... ...
well, he used to be anyways.

i smell oscars, many, many oscars

596 people weren't invited to Gatsby's party

I think DiCaprio and Mulligan will fit their roles perfectly. I really don't know how I feel about Maguire playing Nick though.

I hope the movie turns out good though. The Great Gatsby is still one of my favourite books.

Are you kidding me?

It totally sets the mood, the partying the cheapness the carelessness of the rich and privileged which is a major theme in the book at least.

You need to research Baz Luhrmann, haha, he does a good job putting new songs in old movies.

It doesn't set the mood, brah.

Prime Example, "Moulin Rogue" :)

Gosh. This movie looks great. 
Just because it has modern music doesnt mean thats how the movie's music will be like. 
I feel like people should give the movie a chance. 
If its not exactly like the book oh well!! 
I wouldnt mind seeing a hollywood twist. There are no rules written stating that a movie has to be exactly like the book!! 
Im excited for this either way!! :D

No church by frank ocean jay z and Kaye west

Dr TJ Eckleburg

I LOVE that Yellow Duesenberg SSJ  that Gatsby is driving. I cant wait to see the shots of it in the movie.

it is a big fucking deal. this movie lost points using that. 

screaming with joy that this movie is happening

I just want to know the songs that are playing.

i remember that the book was quite boring...

i totally imagined the scenery like this...weird. and that's how i imagined daisy as well.

looks like shit

Leonardo smokes cigarettes in every movie he's in!

Mostly I'm horrified that YOU can't spell. So much for intelligence...

never had to read it in high school

has anyone noticed how often Leonardo DiCaprio dies in his movies? its such a shame. he's so attractive. 

ok so pussy money weed n leo n the guy from Spiderman lol.

name of the second song?

I dont get the frikeen trailer. Wtf

Surely you mean to re-read The Great Gatsby. 

Dicaprio needs an Oscar already

Jack meets Spiderman! FTW!!!!

Jack meets Spiderman!!!!! FTW

Cool so i have until christmas to read the great gatsby

Hi ! Im a singer please check out my channel !

But did you see the Zebra!

They're using the modern music to make this more appealing to people outside of those who had read The Great Gatsby.  
I know you all think you're so high up thinking that you're amazing by reading the book, but there are a lot who haven't.  Don't you want them to enjoy this story as well?

Mostly I'm horrified that in the Times Square view, the Ziegfeld Follies sign is misspelled "ZEIGFELD."  So much for accuracy...

Not going to see it. Leanardo de craprio is in it

the music is obviously just for the trailer. setting the mood for how thins changed in the 1920's. there IS going to be a lot of jazz music. its the same thing they did with captain america. modern music in trailer to suck in an audiance. and played war hero music in the entire movie

i think that song was a great way of opening it. it's not too rowdy or obnoxious. especially how they were explaining how times we were just evolving into a more "partying" accepting society. 

OMG I loved the book, I really want to see this

Check out App Trailers on your iPod or where you get free iTunes  Gift Card codes when you watch app trailers! Just download App Trailers and then use my bonus code 'jodi0211' for extra points

this looks amazing!!! Baz Luhrmann is a genius, definitely looking foward to this one

Its my big dream to see incredible Movie after the Novel...which given me A plus in my Lecturing....
And always be scared when destined being the great Gatsby.....
" All the worlds are a Stage..."


Everyone is bitching about the JayZ song when its not even that big off a deal, it sounds fine for the start of the trailer and it's not like they're going to play it in the movie because it's deff not from that era, i'm sure they're going to play jazz or whatever from that time period. so chill out.

Looks amazing. However...the music is terrible. When I see Gatsby, I expect to hear jazz and a bit of swing, not crappy auto-tuned modern pop music.
Honestly. What were they thinking?

I wish this trailer gave a little bit more information on what the movie is about. I mean I read the book but from this I really would not know the point of this.

Respect!

Moulin rouge was pretty strange. Let's see how the great gatsby is.

what's the song?

...where's the jazz?

I hope they don't bludgeon this movie. The great Gatsby is one of the greatest books ever written. They should include items such as the valley of asked dr Tj Eckleburg, the green light etc. 

It is. The youtube video just isn't named properly.

"Rich girls don't marry poor boys!"

I don't think Joel Edgerton is physically right for the role of Tom Buchanan... he's not tall enough for a start...

*"I wish I'd done everything on earth with you"..... Sorry for messing up the line. Was too excited when typing lol

The green light is included. Look closely in the background at the end when daisy is saying "I would've liked to do everything on earth with you..." it's very small but it's there :)

You have to read the book. People that want to see it most likely read the book in high school or something.


this should will for best trailer!! if there is such an award :)

I don't think it's just to capture the younger audience, I think it's Baz Luhrmann style. Just remember Moulin Rouge and its pop songs...

strange music,guys. isn't it?


Then what song would u have put it... i personally think it suited it.. i didnt even know that it was a recent song.

Team Owl Eyes :)

I've already lost all of my faith in humanity so I will remain unfazed.

'I wish I had done everything on earthh withh you' don't we all. It's DiCaprio!

Made no sense at all!

looks boring.

cant they get better looking females :(

I don't mind it really one way or the other, but you can expect the music throughout the movie to be like that because it's just the directors thing. It is what he does, like in his take on Romeo + Juliet.

Loved reading it in high school, can't wait to see the adaptation!

Love is Blindness by Jack White
The one at the start is by JayZ and Kanye

what's the song's name ?

I agree that I don't really like the song, but I think that it is a good choice simply because the idea of The Great Gatsby is to paint a picture of the wildness of the 1920's. To accomplish that, the director had to modernize everything a bit. So even though some of the things you will see won't be true to the book, it is all to create the effect of an out-of-control culture.

I am sure this will appeal to the high school set and no one else 

Now I gotta read the book.

I found something really interesting I thought would settle the debate: 
"Rolling in the Rolls-Royce Corniche": Gatsby's yellow Rolls convertible is a key symbol in the story.
"Socrates asked, 'Whose bias do y'all seek?' ": "The Great Gatsby" paints a picture of a man who did everything to gain respect and notice with the help of status symbols and wealth. 
"Let me buy you desire": Gatsby, very literally, tried to purchase the desire of the upper class and his long lost love, to no avail.

if you've read the book and they keep to the book then there won't be a need for anyone to do that

If you want a movie that stays true to Great Gatsby then watch the Robert Redford version - if you want to watch an interpretation of a book, then watch this - and trust me you'd be a fool not to want to watch it! 

dont be a dick... its only the tune, which is pretty catchy, i felt that original song was ... meh
just enjoy the trailer


not convinced leo is the best choice for gatsby. There is a conflict of perception and representation as both gatsby and leo are strong characters, indirectly confusing the viewer. With a strong, well know character like gatsby, they should have chosen an actor that is not as well known as leo but just as good. leo should stick to films where the viewer doesn't have a preconceived idea of what the character should 'look' like. such as titanic, blood diamond, shutter island, departed, inception.

My lit teacher said that the movie trailer for his favorite book "The Great Gatsby" was horrible. I thought he was overexaggerating but it looks like he wasn't. Not sure about the movie but the trailer does indeed suck so i hope my expectations are wrong.

People carping about the music should remember: A) It's just a trailer, who says it will be in the movie, and B) Even if it is, perhaps Luhrmann is trying to make an equation between the decadence and debauchery of that era and the loose morals of today, using music (much like Coppola did in Marie Antionette) as a connective sinew.  Also, I love the reverential shine of the mise-en-scene.  Since the book is all about idealism, the director is using film to visual an idealized past.      

i just finished reading the book..looking forward for the movie!!..LOL!!

I think the music for this trailer is perfect! It's captivating and makes me want to read the book. Kudos for the people in charge of making movie trailers and finding the perfect music to go along with it.  

Did anyone else notice the Apple logo at the bottom right-hand side of the screen?

Best App in the world. APP TRAILERS 

ENTER sharpal95, To get 1K POINTS AND BUY WHATEVER U LIKE.

Some primary school... where is it, I want my kids to go there.  Most people wouldn't be exposed to this until later in high school.

Thank god, the other gatsby movie was just a bunch of scenes with guys sweating

Even if I don't agree with the music choice, it's got my attention.
Which is what a trailer is supposed to do. 
Looking forward to it!

As God as my witness, you are not alone!

Everyone's complaining about the music are you all forgetting it's a trailer.
It's a trailer.
A trailer.
Trailer.


i read this in 6th grade...

i read this in 6th grade...


i just love Leo can t wait to see it...   :)

@1cynnii live i blindness by jack white

and seriously these high class actors and this boring shit :(

hmm somehow this doesnot look very appealing :(

This movie looks really boring

No church in the wild - Jay-Z, Kanye west

What is the name of the second song in the trailer? Loved the book, and the 1974 version! Now looking forward to this one. :)

my tally so far today is 13 views, and will probs be 30 by midnight

then do it..

Try 9th grader...  :/

@MrAlphalpha you look stupid, read the book

whats the title of the song at the first half of the trailer ?


this looks fucking terrible

so that's why he wasn't in spiderman...and what's up with the intro music honestly -___-

love is blindness-jack white


Would you like a free $ 50 gift card?
It's easy

1. Download  "app trailers" from app store or android market. 
2. Enter bonus code "rewardyou" in the bonus code. 
3. Enjoy your gift card!!

@MrAlphalpha  Read a damn book and maybe you'll figure it out.

This looks so stupid. What is the plot?

CANT WAIT!!!

yeah

This is so wierd...when I read the book, I pictured Leonardo DeCaprio as a perfect Gatzby. And now, Tobey Maguire as Nick makes complete sense! It's like my imagination is coming true...

it just doesn't have the same spirit and feel as the original.

No Mrs. Lakefield I didn't read chapter 4 of The Great Gatsby .....11th grade memories total bs

Step 1. Go to Google
Step 2. Search this key : dixvi share all porn premium accounts
Step 3. Enjoy!


JJJJJJBBBBBBMMMMMMAAAAAAOOOOOOIIIIIIaEEEEEEGGGGGGNNNNNN

i think u mean the early 20's darling

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

We just finished school and now I am reminded of English class. Hollywood strikes again. Although, Leonardo as Gatsby is not bad.

you mean 10th grader xD

@yackmcguire you're losing, the time set of this movie was 1920's cause bootlegging was mentioned lol #FuckingUp

Thanks for making a movie on the great Gatsby AFTER I finished my English exam...*sigh*

spiderman

Never read this book nigga

I have to read this book next year... Our class should just take a field trip to watch this! XD

I have a feeling that I am not going to like this movie... It looks very different from how I visualized the book... But I'll watch it just to make sure.

The Book every 11th grader has to read in high school xD

Now I don't have to read the book!

Toby Maguire is butthole!!!


read the book

Wold you like a $25 visa gift card,  1. Download app trailers from app store or android market iPod,iPhone ,iPad or android  2.Go to bonus code (next to a star  3.put the code.   kindliness

amitabh bachan need some thumbs up......

can't wait !

Soooo whats the plot

***MAY 26th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  kindliness 4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

Okay this looks sick :D can't wait for it!!

he did it good but the film was too fucking terrible to enjoy.

The only thing I got from that trailer was s remembrance of Romeo + Juliet... And what a fucking terrible piece of shut it was.

Is it just me, or does Carey Mulligan seem way too young compared to everyone else?

Go to the AppStore download 'app trailers'

Put in the bonus code 'trenton37' and we both get bonus points

You can get free gift cards and money

I know it sounds like a scam but it's not trust me

Thank you

Love is blindless

I would watch this trailer everyday till it comes out

Was that spiderman?! XD

I didn't even like the book. Though this sure makes it look more interesting than it really was.

No Church In the Wild 


yup cunts

Oh cool, Amitabh Bachchan

There is a much easier way to get free Movie tickets, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

Wait what is this film about? Confused.

Spiderman in The Great Gatsby lol Read this Junior year good story

Just like 'Body of Lies', right? 

That looks really good! And does anyone know the song that is used in it? :P

Thanks:)

dicaprio is there .. its going to be super hit :) mark my word :D 

Cool a new movie of the book. Let's see of its better than the one I've already watched.

Love is Blindness - Jack White

Blame takes fault in the reader, not the book.

I want to see gatsby's father played by Liam neson!

This looks kind of historically inaccurate. Flog gnaw

women caused all the drama

It looks amazing. But at the same time not all there....

Seems hollywood's been watching too much entourage.

Actor who played a super hero, and martin scorsese's love child leo. all in the movie that made the character famous in the series.

when is it coming out?


Play guitar? Go to my channel and watch my newest video. Heck, watch all my videos. Thanks guys.

lmfao shut the fuck up mexican shit at least my people dont fuking cut our heads off haha

haha big bang theory! :)

I didnt picture the book to be this exciting

Song?

***MAY 26th SPECIAL**** OMG! DOES anyone want A $50 VISA GIFT CARD?This is a way to make money online from ages 8-35, just follow these 3 steps: 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store) from iPod iPhone iPad or android  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code:  susu555  4.THEN you'll get stared with$25 (25k points ) GOOD LUCK P.S. I luv to help ya

i love that i can tell a Baz luhrmann film within the first 20secs of a trailer!
thank god he's forgotten about that australia shit and is going back to what he does best! looking forward to this! :)

GET THE HELL OUTTA HERE

Check out the version with Robert Redford and Mia Farrow -- he was superb as Jay Gatsby.  


Did anyone else notice the apple sign in the right side corner ?

Please, PLEASE don't suck!

this honestly does look pretty good and Leonardo Di Caprio is probably the only person who could pull off Gatsby 

They could have used period music covered by modern artists. Pft.

does anyone know the name of that song playing at 0:59 ?

FINALLY! I LOVE THIS BOOK

i'm completely fall in love with that book and the movie is going to be so fuckin' perfect i guess

DiCaprio looks young again! :D

The thumbnail looks like a video game.

book came out in 1925 lol

I never gave the book a chance but I heard it was a great one.

You're freaking serious right LOL

Its the heavy autotuning that kills it for me.  It just doesn't seem like a good match for the movie/time period 

i will be watching just because of mr. amitabh bacchan

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

What is the song?

I saw a few themes in the trailer actually, all the colors, the ton of people at the house, Dr. TJ Eckleburg. This actually looks like it will cover the book the way it should be. It can't cover everything because there is only so much one could put into a movie but I think it'll do alright.

Almost positive this movie will miss all they key symbolism in the book that is so important for the themes present.

good point. I was joking anyway. Your opinion is your opinion.

You are showing no respect for a great author.

Since it's a Baz Luhrman movie, there probably will be rap songs in it.

amitabh bachan..............

Omg the guy from Spiderman!

Wow this movie must be really good if they adapted it to novel form. Lol.

I dont remember the book being this exciting

The lettering reminds me of Bioshock

Leo? Wheres my boy Vinny Chase?

*Love is Blindness

*Love is Blindness

i hope Leo wins an Oscar with this one.The  Departed, Blood Diamond, Inception, J. Edgar, etc...the streak should end here 

It's in 3-D - the Studio MUST have faith in it!

call me stupid or whatever, but i think the music is absolutely fine..it suits the atmosphere of the scenes and isn't that the most important thing?

You have no idea what you're talking about.

the actor jack black?

Leo can't act....

Movie looks good, although that girl is not at all what I imagined Daisy to look like. I picture someone a little more polished and with a lot fewer moles. Unless he's changed the ending so she dies of skin cancer.

Amitabh Bachhan !!!!!!!!

I wouldn't be that affirmative if I were you, Baz Luhrmann is directing it ! Anyway, I'd love to hear some Kanye West in it, the song totally fits the theme of the film by the way, check it out on rap genius.com ! 

What a great year 2012 is for film!!

1:13 doesn't he only use the pool at the end of the book when he dies? :O

I hope I have English 3 before this movie comes out cause if not I'm not reading the book before it comes out -: )

I read this book in high school n it very good book.

I met Leonardo Di Caprio in a bowling alley in North Hollywood.
He was really cool and down to earth.
He grew up there.
He always choose interesting movie roles to play.
I would love to see him in a movie with Will Smith - who I grew up with.

Thanks man.

Jack Black - Love is Madness (U2 cover)

Jack Black - Love is madness (U2 cover)

What's the name of the second song? It's killer.

Carey mulligan is such a great actress. Can't wait to see her acting!

very goood trailer i have many  kinds of movies saved on my channel hollywoodmoviezdotcom.......(@)(@)@(@)......!

0:18 Charles AZNAVOUR

Shut up about the music. It's just a trailer, you might hear the songs at the end credits if at all. YOUR NOT GONNA HEAR KANYE RAP AT ONE OF HIS PARTIES

but a U2 song seems perfect? is just a trailer

Why in the world would you use a a soft rock song in the 20's? you dumb fuck is just a trailer

awesome movie

good

but they sure were "bumping" a soft rock song in the 20's though right? you dumb fuck is just a trailer

how about the soft rock song in a period movie?? 

watch the original movie first, this movie wouldn't come close to it. 

Nothing will beat the original with Robert Redford. 

1> Go to Google
2> Search this key:  dixvi share all porn premium accounts
3> Just Enjoy!

WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW

wheres vinnie chase??!

The Background music Love is Blindness  by U2 ..AMAZING song for a Amazing book ! 

looks like an amalgamation of shutter island, j. edgar, gangs of new york and moulin rouge   

I watched the original version my freshmen year in high school... 7 years ago!!!

Like it tottaly

LOL I noticed that too!! it was bumpin to the music lmao.

is that a fucking zebra I see chillin at the party?

whats the name of the second song?


HAHA who chose the music for this trailer?!

O
M
G

oh man ......... the sound track is really intense

what's with the auto-tune song at the beginning?

@mat10tj i dont give a shit how long ago the book was made you think ima read that shit now

well it does look fake as shit

@bokilano im sure no one here wanted to see the movie you dumb ass piece of fucking shit i hope u fucking die

Best trailer made this year

He does die. Stop crying like a bitch, the novel was published more than 80 years ago.

Amazing book.. I didn't read this in school so I had to seek it out years later and check it out for myself. Hoe this movie does it justice.

same! haha

will people stop ruining the movie for others?? it is really annoying

They over exagerrate too much , but cant wait!
WHO EVER SAYS GATSBY DIES GO FUCK YOUR SELF!

As excited as I am for this movie I really don't feel it was necessary for this to be 3D, it really seems it just wanted to jump on the 3D bandwagon more than anything. Hopefully we aren't stuck overpaying for low quality 3D

I just keep watching this for the soundtrack as much as anything else 


They misspelled "Ziegfeld Follies". I before E except after C. 

I felt the same way when I first saw this trailer, but I just finished re-reading the book tonight and watched the trailer again.  Almost every image and line of dialogue in the trailer is straight out of the book.

Leonardo DiCaprio!!!! enough said... hes a sexy man... 


He's a good guy driven by a singular dream he'll do almost anything to obtain.  

Why the hell would I want to see that in real 3d? Has 3d changed since I last viewed it back at Epcot's Micheal Jackson movie, cause it sucked ass.

I cut class when the class read this book...

Gatsby dies.

An English Teacher's wet dream.

So going to watch this with my lit class

@Madbanana39167 pretty sure it is a book. My brother read it. I watched a small film of it. I find it boring

have they released the soundtrack yet? link?

Still alive..

Fitzgerald treat their characters as vulnerable creatures facing primal emotions like love only reachables by wealth and power, sinc ein the 20's NYC was for this man a big snake nest. So the most loyable being is corrupted by wealth. I haven t read this this one but i know almost every tale from fitzgerald.

I am a big fan of Ftzgerald, Leonardo Dicaprio has grown to be an excellent actor, BUT FUCKING COW SHIT! A BLOND BOB HAIRCUT! GOD I HATE HOLLYWOOD±!!!!!!! AAAAARGH!
\

@sk81991 how? The book was great, there was already a movie out but its kinda old. You should read it

There is a much easier way to get free Fandango cards, go to the app store and download "App Trailers." After that open the app and click on "enter bonus code" and type  "promotion1" and you'll get 50 points and some free money.

looks really gay tbh

Can't wait to see this!

Your original comment made you look stupid enough, along with your post history, that I don't know why I bother. Seriously, go back and re-read it. It's the one labeled "this comment has received too many negative votes." The fact that you are the one twisting my comment speaks volumes about you. Yes they rap about materialism. Just so happens that a good majority of the materialism they rap about is their own. Many other rappers would be a better fit. Not J&k. Your fanboyism is laughable. 

If the end of the world happens on december 21st, before this movie comes out, I'm gonna be so shitting mad!

Is that a zebra? 0:17

so true.

thats everyone thats alive.

Is this about a hair gel?

They are going to make TONS of money off this movie since nearly every high school graduate has read or heard of this book

Why are there several douches who give away the ending for the people who haven't seen it or read the book? But 3 people die in the book just saying

Is Gatsby a good guy? Or is he a dick, I can't tell yet.

Wouldn't****

LEONARDO DE CAPRIO?!?!? 
*FAPFAPFAPFAPFAPFAPFAPFAP*

The actress in drive is in this movie. Capt

this is a remake. theres another version out there

You know, I read this book in my junior English class. You know what my teacher taught us about the book?
Rich people are stupid, racist, unfaithful, and boring.
That's it.No hidden meanings that weren't blatantly obvious and please, before you doubt how well read I am, go read "The Book of the Five Rings" by Misashi Miyamoto.

GATSBY DIES SPOILER

Oh Leo, you are quite beautiful.

I did and never appreciated it until I re-read it years later.

just finished reading it right now.. have an exam on it in 2 weeks, it'd be helpful if this movie was released before that :D

Do you want FREE MONEY??
Okay here is 4 easy steps to get free $10 giftcard. By doing these steps correctly you will earn a gift card of your choice.
(step 1) go to iTunes "app store"
(step 2) download app called "app trailers"
(step 3) when creating your account you will notice a line that says "bonus code"
(step 4) on this line put the secret code "noahwashere" then 10,000 points will be added to your account, you can then buy your $10 gift card!

(I WANT TO HELP YOU! please join)

Sorry if the facts make you look stupid. Good job kiddo.

Please view my video, just search baseball24185 click on any video and hit done, then click more videos and watch how to be s nerd.  Thanks

My thoughts exactly.

Baz Luhrmann is directing it, meaning you are going to have that sense of an almost twisted decor and the music will range from the classy 20's to today's. Its just how Luhrmann directs, and he's always done an amazing job at it. I'm trusting Luhrmann to know what he's doing.

Joel Edgerton.

Look. I love the music. Its 2012 and its Hip Hop(Rock N Rock). They are appealing to a new generation that did not read the book and have not scene the 70's flick with Robert Redford. I'm just happy to see a real trailer finally this year. Hollywood produces bullshit. I'm tired of the superhero/save the world flick. I love the music in the trailer, it's Hip Hop; it reflects what Jay Gatsby is all about. New Money and fuck the WASP establishment. It's the new America in a 21st century way. 

AHHHHH!!!!....officially excited for christmas now.

I don't fucking get it , but it looks like a great drama movie lol so I'm deff watching it

The irony...just read this book and did a report on this movie and now the trailer....

I like the character selection in every sense, but I feel that Tobey maguire doesn't my vision of nick carraway. Anyone else agree?

THIS

i dont know why but when i read this book 3 months ago i envisioned Gatsby as Johnny Depp
my friend said she pictured him more like Leo DiCaprio
She was right. He can actually pull it off

well, this is jack white. not edge. and this is much better. just that.

Idk..ithink the original Daisy from the older movie looks better...maybe just me. Igot a C on my Gatsby exam because the questions did not correlate with the book..just took it like 1 week ago

Why do i get the feeling that this movie is going to have a lot of dramatic pause?..

My class just read this, so excited to see it!


"Gatsby? What Gatsby..."

Don't it's dreadful

My class is reading this book. But being me i don't read school books but after watching this trailer... I am definitely gonna pick that book up!

My favorite book

holy shit i haven't stopped watching this since it was released...i'm pretty sure i memorized Nick's monologue in the beginning because of watching this so much!

thumbs up if have read great gatsby be in your high school .....

Why can't Baz Luhrman just stick to one time period per movie! Can he please just have Twenties jazz in this movie instead of some flashy modern soundtrack please!!!!

This looks terrible...

Ron paul 2012!!

In order for you to have formed a proper grammatical sentence, you would have had to put a comma or "," after: "So maybe before you use a word,<--- (insert comma) you should understand what it means". It's okay, you did much better with your punctuation that time. Class dismissed. 

I agree.

pause at 0:17, it that a zebra in the pool?

pretty much the Titanic. 

It's going too be awesome because BOLLYWOOD BIG BADSHAH IS GOING TOO BE IN IT 


AMETAB BACHAN

My new fucking glasses are crooked for fuck sake now I have to tilt my head to compensate for the time being. 

Amiga Bachman

Please go watch, COMMENT, AND LIKE my video it's called What da hamsandwich

this book is so overrated

...does this movie really need to be in 3D?

Seriously!!?!?? They picked some ugly girls-.- 
But they sure did picked some good guy actors

i'm so interested to see how this movie will actually turn out


Leo no se baña

thumbs up if you read the book in engilsh.

I've read my fair share of classic literature and this ranks near the highest (dracula is my favorite, best book I've ever read) you're probably just one of the faggot catcher in the rye fans anyway

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

It's Baz Luhrman, see Moulin Rouge and Romeo + Juliet and get back to me

Actually, it's Jack White covering Love Is Blindness

*no church in the wild jz kanye and frank  ocean

mario lugi-i mean for android?

the songs are 
frank ocean jz and kanye 
love is blindess jack white cover

I expect Jordan to be gorgeous. That's sort of how I imagined her in the book. She's ugly in the movie...

mario lugi-whts the name of the app trailer?

Seems like a very accurate rendition of the book. I loved that book, and I'm sure I'm going to love this movie.

Favorite character: The guy holding the big ass champagne at the end of the trailer :D

If done well, I'm sure this movie will become a mutch watch clasic, just as Gatsby is a must read classic...

good use of jack white

Exactly. I think it's an ill advised marketing ploy. It does not suit the era of the film. Ridiculous how some decisions get made and implemented in Hollywood.

That party reminds me of the trippy one in Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet.

omg i need to see this movie

The greatest book I have ever read. The message is more than just a message -- it can't even be described, only felt. If you truly absorbed this book, you understand what I am saying. One thing that I really loved about this book was the fact that despite the large amount of insignificant characters that are at all times present, you feel as though Nick, Jay, Jordan, Daisy, and Tom are the only live people in an empty world; which builds upon the intense importance that surrounds them.

can't...stop....replaying...

The book was a'ight.

The old movie was good.

This movie, however, looks fucking awesome.

530 people weren't invited to Gatsby's party

bioshock :D

Yes :D Fitzgerald writes so beautifully!

Jack white song, Baz Luhrmann, Leonardo de Caprio, Great gatsby.... UM I THINK YES.

a zebra,Leonardo DiCaprio,Tobey Maguire AND 3D!!! yum!yum!

Not that I have any skin in this discussion, but teachers who insult people they disagree with bother me.  Maybe you should learn that being a professor doesn't mean you're necessarily always right;  people are allowed to have differing opinions.  

I like the book very much, but I hardly recall the prose - it was the plot that touched me.  No one disputes the Great Gatsby's importance to culture and literature;  it doesn't mean everyone has to have the same opinion of it as you do. 



Stainless, I am an English professor, and I can say that you are a dope. The book's prose is sterling -- probably the best in American literary history with one or two other serious competitors. Not just the "message." -- as if this complicated work of wonder offers up one simplistic "message." 

I think a lot of people have been waiting for this.

I also think a slightly smaller amount of people have been waiting for original metal-dubstep music that doesn't suck.

It exists in my channel. Go there. Do it. C'mon.

I'm advertising art on a popular youtube video. Sue me.

I agree, The book is nothing short of great - it is, in fact, perfect. Take that, Hemingway, you hack. (Watch Woody Allen's excellent film Midnight in Paris for Hemingway/Fitzgerald fun). We know smokin' Scotty was the greater genius. GG's an amazing work of literature, in the form of a novella. Fitzgerald wrote like a film writer and was able to "envision" in ways most writers only dream of and never accomplish. Instead they drag out simile after metaphor to no real effect for 500 pages or so. 

@xpring ch You're a dick.

Yes

This looks like a great novel-based film. Probably the best ever created. I can't wait to see it. I enjoyed the novel.

Love is Blindness - Jack White
Kanye West & Jay Z - No Church in the Wild

FOLLOW ON TWITTER!!! @SAVALITTO

Song is called, Love is blindless by jack white

No church in the wild

thank you. that person is being very narrow-minded

I really want to punch everyone who thinks this movie and the book will suck balls

is that amitabh bachan?

I know, right?

please? someone? name of the soundtrack?

I'm saying that your teacher filled your head with bullshit and led you to BS your way through by crafting vague and unoriginal statements. Not calling you dumb but I am calling you a person that has unnecessary hostility towards someone else when all they are saying is that because of shitty teaching and a somewhat cliche attitude of "I didn't give a shit about the book, so I BS'ed my way through the class," you can't truly appreciate how good of a novel this really is. 


@LordVurtax You can't judge the book based on what assignments you were given on it.. I did the great gutsy this year, I hate English essays and the work we got given on it but The book is still fantastically written, and I did enjoy it. Grow up.

Why does my brother like to shove Twizzlers up our cats butt?

whats the name of the track playing when the trailer first starts please? :D thanks


No church in the wild, jay-z and kanye west


Really. So obviously you conform to the majority of people who think the book is shit because it lacks depth and has a shitty plot. Honestly, get a good teacher who can prove what he/she says and actually gives a crap about his / her students. And by the way? My paper had a 5 percent originality rating. Talk about conforming to the majority by writing a paper where the only things that directly correlate to others' work are the textual passages that were used. 

So you're saying that the two of us with the same amount of incite on the book (except I actually saw that the book wasn't worth shit and had to BS answers to get a passing grade on those assignments) and you're telling me that I am just being dumb.

Just fucking stop already.

Good for you.

Have you ever stopped to think that maybe the book is just shit and you and many others have been convinced of a lie? NOOO!!! Whatever society tells you is right isn't it? Can't ever actually come to your own conclusions. Just conform to the majority

i loved it 


Literature is open to interpretation, but this guy you are talking to had terrible teaching and has a superficial knowledge of the book. Just leave this troll alone. 

Idk what nothing about this movie but it look good

Because you are ignorant and don't give a shit; hell your interests probably lie in business, or the sciences. And if your teacher couldn't explain why the book is good, guess what, she's shit. 

how did this video become looped?

DiCaprio makes for a good Gatsby but Tobey MacGuire? Really?  I don't mind a modern adaptation of a classic book but I hope that they try and keep the over the top Hollywood style from tainting the story.

THATS WHAT I ACTUALLY HAD TO FUCKING DO!

Yup Daisy sure is a gold digger. Tom a controlling rich ass hole. Jordan a lying reckless woman. Nick a bystander who lets everything go to shit around him. Poor George a man trying to live the honest American dream and is corrupted by society. Gatsby a hopeful and loving man who will never be able to have the life he truly wants.

Leonardo DiCaprio, today's James Cagney? He looks just like him in this movie. 

1 34 crazy face or G

No my teacher was someone like you who would swear that this book was one of god''s greatest gifts to man yet she never could really explain why. Just like you have failed to do the same. Because, there is nothing to really explain.

Good day.

You lack a full understanding of the book. Try taking an honors American Literature class where you spend 2 and a half months on one book before you say something that entails that TGG is a terrible book. 
And your "reports" were probably 2 or 3 page papers that only talk about certain things that aren't even connected. Try having to write a 10 page paper that's worth 30% of your quarter grade, and getting an A- on it. 

Daisy is just a gold digging whore lol

lol I laugh at your ignorance to how much depth is contained in this book. I could list a page of information of things that can be attributed to the plot of TGG. And the characters not having any depth or purpose? Obviously someone had a bad teacher who only talked about the symbology of TJ Eckleburg's Eyes. 

Ignorant would be to say lack of knowledge. Having read the book and having had to do reports on it, I am far from lacking the knowledge of what the book entails. 

And to like this book is an insult to literature. SEE! I CAN MAKE BLANKET STATEMENTS TOO!!

no church in the wild by kanye west & jay-z is the first
love is blindness by U2, covered by Jack White is the second

thats very ignorant to say this is a terrible book. you don't have to like it but to say it's terrible is an insult to literature.

The great song is Love is Blindness from U2, covered by Jack White


Oh so now we have to have the book titled after someone for there to be any depth to their characterization? Oh yeah. That's a valid reason.

Stop defending this terrible book and move on.

Too flashy. Still hold the last gatsby movie as the better one. Seeing spidey though aint that bad.

oh my god leonardo is soooo hot


Does anybody know what are the songs used in the trailer?


No Church in the Wild, Kanye West & Jay-Z!

Really? You sure about that? Because the whole depth and value of the plot is what makes the book so great. You are actually contradicting yourself by saying that you know what the plot means and saying that it's shitty. And by the way? Since when does there have to be depth with all of the characters? The book is called THE GREAT GATSBY. Not THE GREAT NICK, NOT THE GREAT TOM, NOT THE GREAT DAISY, NOT THE GREAT JORDAN, its The Great Gatsby. 

Anyone know what the song is?

Well what?

Because this image is gone; this sets up the somewhat tragic ending of his death; the single usage of the swimming pool and his dwelling on the green light. Even in his final moments, even though his dream was becoming less and less of a reality, his dream was still possible in his mind; the only one that was incorruptible in the face of the crap that made up the East. Remember, the Nick, Gatsby, Daisy, Tom, are all from the west. Sure, in your mind Nick is a Db, but the ending disproves this. 


9ER2BNNDH87L

I knew the whole point of the plot. Don't even try to state I did not. That doesn't change the fact that I think its a shitty plot that was poorly written and portrayed through and through with no depth to characters or anything.

Yes. Best book ever. Seeing it release day.

In other words, you can't truly comprehend the meaning of this classic American Novel. This novel is not about Nick, or any of the other characters - at least for the primary focus. It's about Gatsby, and how he picked himself up and made himself rich after WWI; and why did he do this? All because he was chasing an idealized image of Daisy from his years as James Gats, instead of Gatsby. But when transforms into the character of James Gatsby, that image is gone, replaced with something else. 

omg!! my whole English class watched this today and everyone was going crazy!! they loved it (so did i) and we actually tried to plan a day to go watch it in theaters after it came out xD i love these guys!
oh yeah! and this movie is gonna be the best one!

Why is spiderman, that one guy from inception and the girl from drive at this party thing

Anyone could. Big Surprise considering it sucks.

i dont know if im seeing the movie, but its an awesome trailer

I'll take that as a yes...

You're implying that you can create something that can rival or surpass this novel. Big mistake. 

Hey guys, guys. "The Liquor was cheaper" is a testament to how these people payed virtually nothing to get into these parties. Remember how these people were a filler for how Gatsby was trying to get Daisy to come? Well, him providing all the drinks at the party is why "the liquor was cheaper."


@jwilton777 I know how you feel. But the trailer lowered my expectations

Well, I think that the film is in 3D because of the highly stylized and CGI 1920's New York City. I mean, set your video quality to 480p at least, and gaze at the images on the screen. Then look at what filmmakers / Hollywood tries to sell to people. Yup. 

"The tempo of the city had changed sharply, the buildings were higher, the parties were bigger, the morals were looser and the liquor was cheaper. The restlessness approached hysteria." 

Chills.

@CrazyModz02 Actually I think he'd be a good Nick Carroway. Toby can pull of the sort of laid back unbiased coolness that makes Nick such an extraordinary character

You're implying this book is over anybodies head. Big mistake.

Like you said, anyone can say something about someone's creation. But again, why is this "shit" taught in school if there is no good meaning that can be interpreted from it? Because it isn't shit. It's a literary masterpiece with multiple levels of depth that are hidden. It means you must actually read and think about what is said in the novel. 
Now, onto my next point. Your statement about pizza isn't exactly appropriate to the subject; a famous chef would make more sense in this case. 

I love how you think this pile of shit is worth anything more than that.

Furthermore, I'd like for you to tell me what these books are you're reading that have so much more depth than "Gatsby." And don't go searching the online "Great Books" lists.  BTW, you wouldn't happen to be the same Lord Vurtax that pops up on google as the fanfiction author who writes about "Pokemon" and "My Little Pony," are you? Because that would explain a lot.

Great Gatsby in 3D?
Just what Fitzgerald would have wanted... :)

The song is No Church In The Wild (Feat.Frank Ocean) by Jay Z and Kanye West

tobey maguire is his name -_____- the guy from spiderman is andrew garfield so HA.

Allright, why the hell are you cursing someone out? Hmm? Now, my point was something like, "How can one say what makes a book good or bad? It's all opinionated; people will say something is good, and others will say the opposite. Huckleberry Finn is criticized because it uses a certain word. Yet, people should be exposed to the hatred so that we don't repeat history. #offtopic Basically, you need to cool your guns and prove your point. Prove that you can create a better story. 

You're some kind of idiot. Depth? "Gatsby" works on a multitude of levels; perhaps you don't like it because you have to actually pay attention to the words, rather than skim through the pages until you see a stretch of dialogue. Don't get me wrong; I have no problem with people expressing their dislike for a book. I don't happen to dig Shakespeare as much as some. But when you call a book as valued, as canonical, as "deep" as "The Great Gatsby" hollow, that tells me you're one ignorant sumbitch

awful and cool at the same time. in my mind, the great gasby, however, based on the novel, is very different.

At the end, Tom Buchanan shoots and kills Gatsby because he thought that he ran over his wife, but it was actually Daisy that ran her over.  Did I ruin it?

Love is blindnesss 

What the fuck does that have to do with anything?
Pizza is served in schools across the country, doesn't make it good for you.

Thats my point. What makes you qualified to judge. Your not you just troll around trying to illicit responses and prove you "intellectual superiority" over us common folk. If your such a literary genius and are capable of accurately judging this great American classic then as I said, lets see you do better. 

Then*
Also you don't have to be a chef to know when food tastes bad.
So why the fuck should anyone have to be a writer to know when something is written badly? Go fuck yourself.

Again, you say that it's not a great book, yet it's widely taught in our schools. Just saying. 

No, what he's trying to say is if you are criticizing somebody, then you should try to do something better. If you can't do something like that, don't criticize something that's way over your head. 

Thumbs up if the Jack White's video for 'Love is Blindness' brought you here!

Oh yeah like I can totally pull a novel out of my ass. Nice realistic request there. 

Hey Mr. Critic, lets see you do better than.

1.Download CHECKPOINTS in AppStore  

2. use bonus "easypoint10" 

3. earn $10 amazon gift card

Leonardo DiCaprioM<3

Jack White in a trailer: mind blown.

PHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAA. Yeah sure, you keep telling yourself that. I'll go back to actually reading literature with a sense of depth. You keep tricking yourself into believing stories with hollow characters and bad flow have some deep meaning to them.

Haaa X)

This is my favourite novel. I could write a dissertation on this and why I adore it. But I just have a feeling that I have too high expectations for this movie!

I like the book and I like the original movie. I will definitely see this, looks really good.

Screw everyone. The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite books. I'm not sure how good this adaption will be based on the trailer. There's stuff a love about it and stuff I hate.

Opening song: No church in the wild, jay-z and kanye

What is the song at the start of the trailer please? Thank you!

then you obviously have no taste

PHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! You wish, no I had to endure every terrible fucking page of this book as assigned reading. All it's shittyness made reading Kite Runner after it felt like heaven on earth.

aah I've see you've never read this book

Looks like anthr Leo classic. Lol

OMG! i jus finished this book in class and cant wait to watch it in the theaters ahha :)

pretty much my sentiments exactly. she looks very glam and gorgeous in the trailer, so I'm looking forward to it. I just hope the script is good, 'cause you know the acting will be.

DiCaprio better fuckin win an Oscar, BS the Departed, Catch Me if you can, Titanic, blood diamond, aviator what's eating gilbert grape? C,mon i hate the voters

cant wait 2 c it

They wouldn't have chosen such contemporary music for the trailer if the film makers did not want to appeal to a specific audience. My grandma wouldn't want to see this movie, and she grew up in the 20's. The "modern twist" I refer to is not in the sense that Baz took it into the 21st century, but is instead taking the 21st Century to it. Creating an allure to the 18-25 year olds who hated having to read the book in HS. Moot Point, the soundtrack probably doesn't even have Kayne on it. Thank god

Ok I need to read that book again cause I don't remember anything from the book that was in this trailer.

It teaches so many things, but two important things I've learned were: emotional value of wealth and expectation of bring back a dead past. Read it if you can, preferably before the movie; I have a hunch that the film will not exceed my love for the book.  

no church in the wild

The Ad for this trailer was the trailer... thank you youtube

what is the name of the first song in the trailer ? 

Because it teaches disillusionment about our country and how nothing is ever what is seems. 

I never read this book in high school. Why do they make you read it? What does it teach?

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

love is blindness by jack white

Man do I love that time period

How many trailers is that song gonna be used in? And it completely does not fit with this movie at all.

Anyway, should be an interesting movie.

I hate the book

yeah, I remember reading a book for a history class in college and the prof. mentioned it was on the Church's official banned list or something so lots of students had to get permission from a priest. that was a big problem since like 70% of the campus was Irish catholic (according to a popular joke, the other 30% were the Jesuits that lived there).

What modern twist? The first sentence of this trailer is "New York, 1922."

3D.................WHAT?

I don't know if anyone else has already said this... but... does everyone realize this is like the "Romeo + Juliet" that Leo was in? It's a modern twist, but it's not following the same formula that Baz used there. Hence the modern music. I think the trailer is great, it really makes me want to go see the movie.

All I want to know is who's penis is gone lol

I laughed at the poor choice of music for this trailer, and laughed even harder when i saw its going to be 3D. 

I love the hidden Moulin Rouge references! 

well, if it helps, the girl's a Brit who's done some pretty good period stuff. no one owns any particular genre, though. 

Leonardo da vinchi?!

wow, a lot more excitement than what i read in the book

no church in the wild 

it's not like the book, because the book wasn't a an autotuned, lady gaga fiesta of action and sex appeal.....idiot.

doesn't change the fact the Great Gatsby sucks, lol.  sometimes, producers should learn that you CANT touch everything and turn into into film.

everyone come see my channel!

why is there rap on here anyway its set in the 1920s it should be big band and jazz

I freaking loved this book. They better not screw this up (and they can start reassuring me that they won't by not using Kanye West in their trailers...)

So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

really? I know that there are words that don't sound like DiCaprio at all e.g. higher and bigger but then words like tempo, sharply, cheaper, hysteria sound exactly like him! don't you agree?


No I didn't forget. Australia is his most straight-forward films. Whereas the others I mentioned are in the style of TGG. I was suggesting that people use those films as reference for his style.

They're both cases of shitty stories getting far more recognition than they ever deserved. With hollow characters, weak plots, and anticlimactic storytelling. I fail to see how they can't be compared.

Stop putting F Scott Fitzgerald at some high ass pedestal he's not.

Looks good.

Fits fine, actually. 

Oh I thought this was the trailer to Safehouse... my bad

Does anyone know what the song is towards the end of the trailer?

My Mom used to call me The Grat GasBoy when I had a fit of stinky berkins! p.s., my Mom makes me call farts berkins! Laugh Out Loud!

this is inception of spiderman

I think you should grow up with this ridiculous comment.

I was thinking of inception...  :(

SERIOUSLY!!! People get seriously bent out of shape when people have their own opinions.

Wow rich Black People in the 20's? You are extremely fucking delusional open a history book. Instead of making up shit.

Why does Tobey sound like he has been smoking since he was 12 in the narraration? He is struggling to speak. They should have just let Leo do it.

Someone got super pissed because I asked why they were playing shitty music at the beginning of the movie haha. "That's Jay Z He doesnt suck blah blah blah" He got into a full fleged argument with me. People are very defensive

Lol spiderman

You forgot the box office and critic reviewed disaster that was 'Austrailia'

It looks great. But hope they will not put this kind of kanye west's crappy music.

not trying to be a jerk about it, but if you mean the girl (the blond one), she kinda IS a Brit.

Love is Blindness - Jack White (U2 cover)

what was this song called? not the first one, the second one..

Who the fuck picked the music for this movie?

OH GOSH IT LOOKS AMAZING!
I loved the book and its themes, so good,
I also loved the 70s film and can't wait for this one <3

The Great Gatsby was the best book ever! & I don't even like reading!

It's not a book about social classes clashes.
It's like an autobiography hidden behind the plot of the novel.
Fritzgerald put in the book much of himself in the book like the complicated relationship he had with Zelda.
IMHO.
By the way it's a beautiful story and i hope they will not ruin it making a film which has no relation with the original one. 


If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

When I saw "gatsby" the first thing I thought of was hair styling wax

Looks like shit

Looks great

leo is talking in the beginning of the trailer right?



why hasn't anyone watched this trailer? I myself have seen it 2,204,522!!! 

They picked absolutely awful music for this trailer. It's so discordant with the 1920s.

Ehh, the book put me to sleep. I don't really find this too...exciting.

Ty

If you are seeking truth and inspiration, search for "Truth Contest" in google and click the top result, then open "The Present" on the homepage and read what it says.  This could change your life.

yes


is that peter parker??? o_O

YES! FINALLY! I've been waiting for a Great Gatsby remake for the longest time...it looks amazing. Can't wait!


Nothing says 1920's quite like Kanye

I disagree (humbly)... I thought it was a great re-imagining. I can't tell you how TGG will be, but I do know his style...

you just lost all credibility by even mentioning twilight. You sir are neither a gentleman or a scholar

1:54

Hello TJ Eckleburg 

After I read the book and saw the old movie, I figured if somebody would remake it. I was so happy to see this, our English teacher showed it to us! :D

I hope this movie keeps the music period, what was put in the trailer would be disappointing if it was shown any part of the movie.

Pro Tip: for all those upset over the garish look (or excessive CG) or the choice of music, please educate yourselves on the director's previous work (Romeo + Juliet & Moulin Rouge)... it will make sense....

"No Church In the Wild" - Jay-Z and Kanye

0:32 OWL EYES = YES.

The book I read in 
High School - a million
years ago.
I guess the movie should
be good.

who is actor at 1:04

OSCAR.

Where's Vinny Chase?

They misspelled Ziegfeld...

that song at the beginning is incredibly annoying and terrible

Hey....it*s World Literature! Nobody has pushed it and it's most certainly nothing like "Twilight". You can't compare things which aren't alike in any way. Maybe you don't like it. That's ok and you're entitled to it. But that doesn't make it "shitty" in any way.

Whats the name of the song when the video starts?


TOBEYS COMEBACK!

Love is Blindness by Jack White


Im not the biggest reader  but this book was the best so far reading. This is coming from a guy who doesn't like English to begin with. The book portrays the struggles between the classes of wealthy and poor. Reading this NOVEL was the best thing ever.

1st movie is better

Love Is blindness Jack White

Zebra in the pool 0:17

Lol he is the only one who says its a bad book...i guess he is part of the small minority who hated it

Zebra in the pool

anyone! what's the name of the song at 1:00 ???

"It's widely considered" By whom? Yeah, it's a shitty book that has been forcibly pushed to the top of charts like Twilight

Im beyond excited to see this movie, I must say, they did intensify Gatsby and Dasiey's relationship a bit. its not like that in the book, but its a movie so they kind of have too. But Im really excited to see the way they portray the charcthers!!!!

Typo FAIL!!

THANK YOU!!!! I was going to be soooo upset if they didnt put it in the movie!!!!!!<3 

I would hardly call it a "shitty story" It's widely considered to be in the upper echelon of all contemporary books.

I was/am bashing it. Whatever genius thought that Fitzgerald's writing would go better facialized by LMFAO should be lobotomized. 

I think I have every right to see I'm tired of good money wasted on retelling the same shitty story over for the fourth time.

Check out my channel please it will only take a sec

No. And this is a movie that takes place in 1922. Dumb nigger loving faggot. 

anyone see the "zeigfield follies" typo? its supposed to be "zIEgfield" not "zEIgfield"

LENS FLARE!! 

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

KANYE WEST is the best musical artist of our lifetime. Be happy you are alive while he is. KANYE 2012.

HOLY CRAP.
THE GREEN LIGHT at 2:17 :DDDDDD

Whoever put this stupid nigger shit music on this trailer needs to be fired.

One of the most epic trailers for me! :))

My Mom might let me see this!!!! : )

LEOOOOOOOOOOO <3
i mean....hes cool

What are you even talking about? You haven't even made a valid case yet to refute mine. Stop defending his inability to create interesting characters with actual motivations, goals, rhyme, or reason and please proceed to get the fuck out. If you have to resort to petty name calling and the coloring book joke. Then I got nothing to say to you.

I must see it, I read the book in school and saw the old movie off of the book :P

AWESOME!

It isn't but it doesn't matter. Point being, there is symbolism. 
And about me defending him, I'm not. It was just a fact I was pointing out. Don't get your panties in a knot. I don't really care if you think he can't write. 

Loading Comment...

Lol at the zebra blowup in the pool at 0:19

I love the trailer!!! But I wish that I could have read the book in high school, but my teacher let us read other books that is assigned to us!!!!

Just read of this at school. It's apparently a satire of the upper class. That's very interesting.!

Oh yeah cause it's totally good practice to have people read outside of the book to understand material within the book.

Good lord stop defending him already and his inability to write cohesively

@purrppleconvirse jack white U2 cover

WHO IS DRIVING THAT CAR?!

Yes Wilson Killed him/

Who sings the song thats all like "Love is blindness" because i've watched this trailer 4 times just for that song.

@eNARV1 I mean wilson right?

Gatsby dies by thomas right?

cannot wait to watch it..

Sooooo sooooo excited for this!!!!!!!! It looks spectacular!!!!!

Amitabh Bachchan! That's all.

Actually, there is symbolism. If you read Fitzgerald's Essays about the Jazz Age you will find him highlighting several from the Great Gatsby.

huh.  looks interesting, glad they kept the shirt scene.... i do wish they would use period music, though, i think it might add a little something to the movie.

I dont think Black people during these times were so happy considering Jim Crowe laws(segregation)

We're reading this in my english class lol...the movie looks better!!

bite your tongue

I've already said my points like three times now, I'm tired of fucking having to say the same thing over and over again because you refuse to listen.

Just shut up.

THERE IS NO SYMBOLISM!  Christ people like you are the ones who believe when an author describes a curtain being blue that it has some deep meaning about a characters past and all of it catching up to them or some gay shit like that when really all he's saying is the curtain is fucking blue.

"The rest of the world" yeah thats a bit of a stretch there. but good luck with that.

Are you trying to fuck with me or something? She was hardly involved in the first place. She shows up and then suddenly Nick and her get interested in one another and then she dissapears. That's it. If there was some kind of conveying of how little she could actually do, F Scott Fitzgerald failed miserably at it. Please stop defending this guy. You look like a fool trying to make up excuses for his terrible writing implying there's some deeper meaning he really never had intended. He just sucks.

HOW. EXPLAIN THIS SORCERY.

You really fail to understand the book, its criticism of American society and its irony. A writer does not create a pointless character, even Daisy's child has a very important purpose, as well as the people at Gatsby's parties. It seems the meaning and symbolism within the book flew completely over your head. This is a fantastic book, and just because you struggled to find it entertaining, isn't going to change the fact the rest of the world has classified it as a classic.

Because party music from the 1920s wouldn't appeal to us the way it would if you were living in 1920s....it's about conveying the mood.

I love the book. I love DiCaprio. This is going to be AWESOME. If only this came out last year when I was studying it...

???????????? 22.05.2012  ))

At 2:18 you totally see the green light in the background. 

While I don't think from this trailer I really get a sense of "Gatsby" or at least not the same sense I got from the book, I have full faith in Luhrmann to deliver a visually stunning and entertaining film.

No church in the wild by kanye & Jayz. Idk the other

What songs are played in the trailer?

A movie made for specifically for the Adult crowd??? what type of sorcery is this?

Amitabh Bachchan is playing as Tom Buchanan !!!!

im a guy and i think that chicken wings

/watch?v=1tK8FoHgqNM

Well that's just ridiculous.

I'm sorry but that is the whole point of being able to comment on videos. You watch it and give your reaction. Some are positive, some are negative. I LOVE the book, its one of my favorite books. That is why I am disgusted with what has been done to it on  film. Fitzgerald would hate it.

I'm a guy, and I can tell you that Leonardo DiCaprio has nothing on Robert Redford.

You can tell who is still a teenager and who actually knows something about good acting in these comments.

Isn't it funny that it's another movie where Leonardo dicaprio is going to die..

Americaaa, fuck yeahhh

Love is Blindness- Jack White 

i dont read the book, but just seeing the trailer i can bet that there are a lot of original books to make a movie.

There are already 2 great movie versions out, why oh why did you have to ruin it with Leo.  I am NOT going to see this!!  He is no Gatsby!

How can they make an adaption of the book without those parties?

I guess i need to read the book cuz i don not understand what this movie is about??

Fuck the haters I want to see this.

I don't know about the casting. I love Leo, but I picture Gatsby as this awkward, almost shy guy who keeps to himself. He throws parties but barely attends them. We'll see, I guess. I'll definitely see it, it looks gorgeous.

because you can't make a movie set in the 20s with music from the 20s, especially a film that is dramatic like this. I think the music fits just fine

You're an idiot.

So... Why is it that a film based in 1920 has a soundtrack of auto tune and crappy alternative music?

magnate parties, hollywood is without new ideas.   this suck.

SO EXCITED

A movie set in the dizzy 20's and they didn't use Electro Swing in the trailer? Son, I am dissapoint.

AMITABH BACHCHAN :D

Yay. Amitabh Bachan!

So many incorrections in this trailer.

I'm rapping in this movie during the credits #swagswag

Never claimed to be. I just can't seen him in any different light since. Tis all.

The Great Gatsby in 3D.....the philistines are taking over!!!!!!!!!

amitabh bachan?

parties were bigger.


If I was illiterate I wouldnt be typing english right now. So maybe before you use a word you should understand what it means. I'm suprised a word like 'illiterate' is even in your vocabulary. 

apparently you can't discuss how you dont think you will like this movie, or else you will get hounded. It seems that people are so eagar to defend this movie when someone has an OPINION that they might not like it. Which leads me to believe that they are questioning if they even really like it themselves. If one really liked it or had faith in the movie. They wouldn't care what other people had to say about it.

Totally agree, he's a fantastic casting choice. And if any of Dicaprio's work is 'stale' its his pre 2002 (Before Gangs of New York) credits. He has definitely grown into an actor who can carry a god damn film, and that transcends any acting ability. He's a wicked actor btw!

Whoah woa whoahh....Is that Amitabh Bachchan??????

My god, yes. The book is such a masterpeice, but they've screwed up the cast so much. Gatsby is to badass to be played by that.
Daisy is supposed to be hot.
Jordan, okay is alright. As is Nick Carraway. 

Well your clearly not well educated in film criticism if that's how your going to be.

Whats your problem? It'z Baz Luhrmann, what exactly did you expect?

well it's too late now they don't. sorry to say if it wasnt for america none of the english actors would have jobs. So you need to think.

Are you kidding me? F scott was a rabid Kanye fan! haha all jokes. HE'D BE TURNING OVER IN HIS MOTHERFUCKING GRAVE IF HE KNEW ABOUT THIS SHIT

totally agree with this


I just can't help but see the frickin' Titanic when I watch this. That film has ruined my viewing pleasure. I rant on my channel about the subject. Had to get it off my chest!

This will be an awesome movie

lol!

im obsessed with this trailer

The only thing I remember from reading this book in high school is a green light at the end of a dock. Winning?

Wow, Spiderman and Jack in one movie

THOUGHT THE SAME THING.

Wooo!! Amitabh Bachchan ftw!!!!

Keep on bulls***ing, sir. 

The trailer looks awsome , looking forward to see the movie 

Trailer looks great. The film should be great too right? Oh wait..I said the same thing about "Australia"   o_o

kinda reminds you of Bioshock, doesn't it?


the song definitely did its part!

The last few movies have felt like Leo movies. I don't want that. I want a movie. I feel that his acting is getting stale and he is just phoning it in.

Ever see Scarface? Pacino became that. He plays different characters, but in many ways they feel the same. Somewhere that happened to DiCaprio. 

I would like to see more of the B-ball Diaries and Gilbert Grape Leo. Not a Leo that I feel is going through the motions.<- Should have probably said that. Sorry for the confusion. My bad. Goodnite.

first revolutionary road and now this.. leo fits really well to those type of movies.

Another understated movie from that master of subtlety, Baz Luhrmann. 

Jack White and U2, yess!!

perfectly cast film, DiCaprio, Mulligan, Maguire and the rest look great!

What the hell, I thought the movie is about gatsby hair gel?!

yeah..gatsby..pang patirik ng buhok...

Old style jazz would've been awesome. XD
But whatever to please the masses, I guess.

Looks good enought to go see.

Why do I have this video on repeat LOL... <3

Leonardo dicaprio!!!

Ok seriously I have seen this trailer like 20 times..It looks soo good!! Maybe its the song~! Maybe it is but it goes so well with the trailer.. :)

I don't like the music myself, it doesn't fit into the era the films in i.e the 1920's. Fitzgerald even says it's the 'jazz age' so it would be better if they had used old fashioned music. Just my opinion though :)

The song in the trailer is Love is Blindness performed by Jack White

Love is Blindness - by Jack White covering U2.
Also I  think that this film suits 3D - over the top and extreme, seems appropriate to me.

Sorry what? The book wasn't flashy? Half the book is glitz and glamor and over the top, poetic descriptions. Or is that not what you meant, sorry if I misunderstood.


I think you are talking about U2's "Love is Blindness" ?. Ugh Love this song!!! So poetic..fell in love with it when I first heard it :))

I wish DiCap would do less of these sappy romances and do more of the "What's Eating Gilbert Grape" or "Inception" type movies where you see good acting. Not the Titanic, Romeo + Juliet crap. He is the best and worst actor depending on the movies he picks. Why does he have to pick movies depending upon if he gets laid in the movie or not? Come on, you're better than that Leo.

Does this take place in an alternate New York? 

"Therefore, you evidently think that his performance in that was "larger than life."" Hmmm. No. But nice try. Keep trying. 

Looks good. I'll probably see it because DiCaprio picks good movies to be in. BUT, two questions. Whats the name of the second song in the trailer? And someone tell me, why does this have to be in 3D again?

i thought the same way.it gets round.

Next time I will say."Oh look, another movie where DiCaprio is playing a larger than life character." Oh, wait! That is basically what I said yet none of you can even fucking read. To make you happy, I will let you think I am not that logical. But, you will have to let me think that reading comprehension is not your strong suit. Take care you bloody fool.

the greatest actor from india is also in the movie.... mr amitabh bachchan

it cant get better than this..... tobey ,leornado and the

i didnt like the book either

Looks good old sport.

LEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!

Django Unchained is going to beat this in the theater

you are most certainly right

am i the only one who notice that they misspelled Ziegfeld Follies @ 0:13?!

I highly doubt that.

Im fine, thanks for asking

Who cares about the song? This movie looks awesome!

Now I am going to start a convo with you. Thanks for replying. How are you? Did you enjoy the show?

Omf omg can't wait

Sure kid. Feel free to believe whatever you want if it helps you sleep at night.

It's a trailer, that doesn't mean there's gonna be hip-hop in the actual movie. Try to think before you comment. 

The honest twisting of truth in this comment is disturbing and only shows stupidity. Even if you rap about your own materialism, they are still rapping about materialism, and Kanye West and Jay-Z have both rapped about the affects of materialism in many different cases. I'm just going to leave it at that, and please don't twist things around in order to make yourself look correct, when obviously you're not. It only shows the amount of stupidity you display.

well.....  that moulin rouge was purty good.

lol I dont think the music is insulting, I think its the fact they picked DiCaprio..  such a shitty actor

Baz Baz Baz.  WTF?  Has anyone ever listened to the music from the 20s?  I mean, it's astounding.  This is so wrong on soooo many levels.   Pure cinematic evil, Hollywood in all its horrors.

Are you two married or something!? I mean come on, take your bitching elsewhere!!!

Thank you for forming a logical and coherent argument. I'm sure your family is proud.

he has a lot of experience, old sport

I always preferred Gatsby to Nick(the narrator)  

and am I the only one that thought Nick had a huge crush on Gatsby? 

loool they got amitabh bachchan in the movie?! 

Greatest Movie Trailer Ever!

I loooove films with great style!!!

great to see these two best friends (Tobey & Leonardo) in another movie as adults!! 

i don't think I understand

I read the part where Gatsby threw his shirts and then Daisy cried -_-

Toby McGuire is a male Kristen Stewart. No expression whatsoever. 

i know right lol but he looks good

I could see that position. Unfortunately, this director has used "popular" music in his past two hits. I think to him it is more about using mainstream contemporary music to get more of a mainstream crowd. I personally think it is unnecessary and ruins the film. 

yeah isn't that amazing. it's about time bollywood and hollywood chill together. 

 AMITABH BACHCHAN is in the movie?:O

Looks good for me. 

No problem. If I came off as overly defensive I apologize. I like the Great Gatsby too. Hell, I love Romeo and Juliet. But I have been burned by this guys films before. 

I didn't say the music wasn't awesome. But it doesn't fit right when it fades in with Frank Ocean at the start in between "New York in 1922"... "Human being to the mob"... "the tempo of the city had changed sharply." etc. It also doesn't sound right when The Dreams bits fade across as well.

Other than that it's fine. Don't be such a hatin little bitch.

I did not picture Daisy or Jordan to be anything like that but I think they got the perfect Nick. Can't wait for this film after doing it for my A levels! :D

complaining about a rap song where they didnt even rap

Lol! Amito Bachan or however you spell his name, steppin outta bolly to hollywood

I also have 3d cross eyed animation too check out my channel if u want to see it

Baz Luhrmann knows how to make incredibly good-looking films - I'm in.

Hey guys if u like stick animation I have some epic battles just check out my channel

No its the great goatse

Holy crap, so much art deco it's coming out of the butt.

I find it effective that they are rapping about their own materialism, because it mirrors the characters in the film.

Wtf is Peter Parker doing with Jack??


Finally we'll see Tobey and Leo together on big screen. They are best friends for years and I'm sure than it will be clear in this classic movie, I can't wait for watch!

They didn't have 3D colour films either... I don't see how a marketable soundtrack would take away much from your enjoyment of the film.

Oh you know~the hair wax~

About time they made the next Narnia movie. Looks a little off to the book though.

What is that awful soundtrack doing in this movie?

I'm not sure. I only typed that comment because I saw a lot of people asking what song it was. Rap music definitely has nothing to do with 1920's culture.

1st Song: Jay-Z and Kanye West "No Church In The Wild" album:Watch the Throne 

2nd Song: Cover done by Jake White "Love Is Blindness" original song: U2

I agree on that as well, but in the case of "Moulin Rouge" didn't they try to re-do old(er) music? The only problem was that they miserably failed and incorporated new genres in these remakes. Anyway, I hope he did his lesson from that movie. 

No Church in the Wild

Okey I might've claimed in some comment that the trailer music wouldn't be in the movie, I obviously don't know. But it would be amazingly stupid if that wasn't the case. I wouldn't believe that the director would make such a stupid move. 

You are the only one between the two of us making claims about the music is in the movie or not. 
I've seen countless movies, where trailer songs have nothing to do with the music in the actual movie. It wouldn't make sense to put the song in the movie, artistically speaking. 
For a trailer, that's a completely different story. 

so thats where spiderman is..


What is the first song in this trailer?

Have read the book. That's why I would find it ironic if they put Kanye and Jay-Z in the movie. They don't rap about the effects of materialism. They rap about their own materialism. 

Oh, and if you can't tell the difference between having a view, in which you attacked no one, and others attacking you for that view, then you are lost. Good luck in life.

A tad over-stylized if you ask me... but it'll emphasize the drama. The Great Gatsby is a classic. Proud to be from the area... not to mention Princeton University where Fitzgerald studied.

Anyone who liked the book enjoy seeing the billboard with the glasses ( 1:54 ) in this?

Considering both Romeo + Juliet and Moulin Rouge contained "popular" music of the time, it is safe to say this will probably do the same. 

*SPOILER ALERT* Gatsby DIES in the end!!!!!!!!!

Fuck, if this doesn't win the oscars, then I'll never watch another movie again

1> Go to Google
2> Search this key:  dixvi share all porn premium accounts
3> Just Enjoy!

I'd like to do something to change the world but whatever I do seems like a drop in the bucket

Have you read the book? If so you would realize the effect of materialism in the story, what do you think Jay Z and West sing about lol, it kind of does fit. Though i don't really care for it, and btw when you express your "Views" in a comment section trashing a well known actor, you might face other peoples "views" that contradict your own, so have some class about it and quit being a whinny bitch.

1. They hade voice effects, just not digital ones. People did not sound like they do in old recordings. It was cause by the effect of the microphones. 

2. Yes they would, remastered recordings? That doesn't seem like something they did in the 1920s. And yes that they could remake songs LIKE THE PROBABLY DID IN THE ACTUAL MOVIE, but thats still new music. 
Like I said earlier there are a couple different ways of choosing trailer music. Choosing modern music to represent a preview is one of them.

Where did I say he was in Moulin Rouge? I am a guy. What does that have to do with anything? There are many romantic stories that FANS OF CINEMA like. This isn't "The Notebook." Romeo and Juliet was a great play and the original 1968 movie was a solid representation of that play. I went to see these movies because they looked different, and as a fan of cinema, I wanted to see what they offered. I have now seen two Baz Luhrmann movies. Find them overrated. Will not see this one. 

I just hope they stick with the themes brought out in the book(criticisms of the "upper class", etc.) and in the end, it gets you thinking. I loved Fitzgerald's "Great Gatsby" and I'm hoping that they do their best to present the story in a good manner other than changing key elements of the story and or defeat the purpose of what the book is "about".Other than that the cast is interesting, nice to see Leo being classy again, and interesting to see Toby doing the important narrator of the story.

looks amazing !!

I could say you are blind to DiCaprio playing DiCaprio by the fact that he is cast in good movies with good scripts, good editing, good cinematography, and good directors. Or maybe you have a crush on him? Whatever. 

If it makes you happy, I will take back the 3 movies that you mentioned. Now go whine to one of the morons that claims the book was horrible. 

I don't understand, it's not like anyone has seen the movie? This is a trailer.
What I would react to is the modern accent these characters have, the accents are actually featured in the movie unlike the trailer music. There are a range of different ways to pick trailer music, a lot of times it's modern music that they figure displays/sells the movie in the best way. Sometimes it's contemporary music. Sometimes it's music made for the actual movie. 

Because fuck thats why

Yeah, Baz figured he had to make it more.... stupid. Good job on ruining an excellent story...

What's the song in the beginning? Not "Love is Blindness", but the one before that.

The book is one of the most overrated pieces of shit in American culture. There have already been multiple movies, why another one?

You can be cut down for you views, just like I will say that people who think Kwame Brown is better than Lebron James lack knowledge of basketball. But I can't argue with your opinion. Therefore, I can't say that you are lying about you viewing his characters as all the same when they clearly aren't. But what I will tell you is that it's inexcusable to call his characters in Blood Diamond, The Departed or Revolutionary Road larger than life. 

I like the book.

I didn't know Jack Dawson would survive the Titanic and lived to be a millionaire in the 1920s!? 

"It's excusable to not have the capacity to see the differences in his characters"

Ooooooh. Try to cut me down for my views. That's really classy of you. Grow up.

Ill stick to the one with my main man Mr. Redford 

The acting, music, misspellings, and unrealistic parties are very bad

I love 1920's jazz, but I think the song goes really well with this trailer :).

The soundtrack will probably not contain any jay-z or kanye west songs, even though Jay-z is a good friend of DiCaprio. The story is that they were listing to the album while shooting the film. And 6-7 latest roles are: Shutter Island, J Edgar, Revolutionary Road, Blood Diamond, Body of Lies, Inception and The Departed. 

It's excusable to not have the capacity to see the differences in his characters but it's inexcusable to call them "larger than life".

At first I thought I'd accidentally hit play on my iTunes. How are they playing Kanye and Jay-Z in this trailer, somewhere my 11th grade English teacher is rolling in his grave

Not a fan on movies that take place in older days but it look s like it would be somewhat of a good movie...

loved the meaning of the book, but the writing itself didn't appeal to me much. i like this interpretation of the book so far. i just wished they had some fitting 1920's music to go along with the trailer.

very goood trailer i have many kinds of movies saved on my channel hollywoodmoviexdotcom.......just visit nwwwwwww!

Or you like shit movies and have no standards? 

While I also don't particularly agree with Tobey's casting, JGL would be significantly worse, I think... Besides, he was busy with Dark Knight Rises, probably.

I hope the CGI in the car scenes doesn't look as awful in the final movie as it does in the preview.

Jack White was a good choice for the music in this

Incorrect about what? You think announcers and stuff sounded like that IRL? Do you think a .flac recording displays a 1920s movie? Do you think the music they would hypothetically be listening to in this movie would have lyrics/guitar rifs as intense and energetic as the ones in this trailer? The only thing I might be incorrect about is the last "count". I I would react to anything it would be the modern accents the characters in the actual movies use. 

You either have poor movie taste or unrealistically high standards. :P

Why, oh why, does Tobey Maguire have to be in this movie?  JGL, for the love of god, Baz!!!  Very pleased with the Tom, Jordan and George castings, though.

@whosyodaddy13 We must be about the same age. I agree one hundred percent.

the only book i actually liked reading when i was in high school.

how did a crappy book become an awesome movie?

This was one of the books i actually read and let me say i pictured in my mind this movie not with the same people but extremely similar you guys will not believe why hes running! Im seein it midnight release

Didn't Scorcese already do this with Vincent Chase? Oh, wait...

book has some good symbolic messages, but is boring as hell.  quite honestly, a film based off the catcher in the rye would be more interesting and meaningful

Indeed, there are quite a few generic movies being released mostly consisting of explosions and hot girls etc but still, who's shoving what down the worlds throat? I believe that every person has a CHOICE to either watch a movie or not. Directors aren't pointing guns at the audiences faces saying WATCH IT
And yes yes that's true, but its not like we haven't had extremely low budget success's before: Blair witch, District 9, stuff like that


That's their way of saying the 1920s were kind of a timeless era of fast cars and even faster women. 

Didn't prohibition make liquor more expensive?

Moulin Rouge was horrible. Walked out of the theater for that one. Romeo & Juliet was almost as bad. Walked out of the room for that one. This one looks just as bad. Oh hey! DiCaprio playing another larger than life character that has the same mannerisms he had in the last 6 movies he did. Wonder how many Jay-Z and Kayne songs will be in this movie's "soundtrack?"

Yawn.

They had voice effects in the microphones in the 20s as well. 
But to make this TRAILER completely true, they would have to have low quality audio of a jazz or blues song which would make this TRAILER less energetic and intense. I guess they figure that the viewers of the trailer are smart enough to understand, that the songs are for the trailer not the movie. 

This just looks like its going to be amazing

@huan na

I didn't know Romeo and Spider Man were in the Great Gatsby O_O;

Baz is one of the worst directors of this past decade. He has no sensibility and he's all flashy spectacle/over-the-top charades.  Just look at Moulin Rouge and Australia. Leo is one of my current favorite actors and I still can't believe he agreed to this production. He's the only saving grace.

I'll admit Hollywood is seriously pathetic lately, but overall? America has created MANY of the greatest films of all time... that's simply undeniable. You're a narrow minded moron if you think America isn't capable of producing high quality films. 

I don't know why they make kids read this book in high school. It was a very boring, forced read for a teenage boy. When I graduated (this makes me feel old) the internet was just starting for the masses, so I didn't get to Google my way out of reading it, lol.

I absolutely LOVE the book, can't wait for the movie! <3


`this shits gonna be soo bad.

Leonardo Dicaprio as Leonardo Dicaprio. Pretty much.

Carey Mulligan is gorgeous

Looks dreadful.

It definitely LOOKS incredible. I just hope they don't commercialize the story too much in order to appeal to a wider, younger audience.

LOL  !!! Good one.

Oh yay, another movie where Leonardo DiCaprio dies in the end. :D

Brilliant!

I know I read this in high school, but I remember nothing per this trailer. Well, I guess maybe the era, but that's about it.

LOL U FUNNY

Epic. Hopefully they will be able to capture the brilliance of the book.

SPOILER GATSBY, AKA DECAPRIO, DIES IN THE END!!!!

same here

Tobey maguire as carraway? Hmmm... Anyways I freakin loved this book! So many motifs and concepts to think about. Let's see how well they can portray the decline of the american dream cuz it looks to me like they're only focusing on the romance part of it

Well it's clear by your grammar and spelling, that you obviously didn't pay much attention in English class. No wonder you did not enjoy the book. The themes, and characterization are some of the finest in American literature, and give an enormous amount of insight into the history of the 1920's.   

Just read this book at school :D

Why the hell would they use rap? 

I remember reading the book and watching the movie in my English class when I was in high school. Great book and hope I like the movie as well. So many themes and lessons this book teaches.

Omg omg omg omg leo-33333 such an ispiration i love him so much its incredible.

is that Amitabh Bachan at 1:04?

Carey Mulligan spoke more in this trailer than she did in all of Drive 

The song is "No Church in the Wild" By: Jay-Z & Kanye West (Featuring Frank Ocean). Off the album "Watch the Throne"

I did NOT picture Tobey Maguire playing Nick Carraway...I know he's a great actor and all, but I pictured Nick to be very handsome, and in my opinion, Tobey is...eh.
DiCaprio was a marvelous choice though...can't wait!!!

I'm bashing on the American film industry...it brings out quantity not quality.
No, they're not defined by the directors origin, but it adds. 
It's not their dreams, everyone has dreams. but they're untalented yet shovel their crap down the worlds' throat. They produce movies with big budgets, but if you look at even the last two academy award wins for best picture..they had small budget and were from europe. 
I think Americans should stick to what they know...burgers.

Is DiCaprio not the perfect actor for this part?

It is Frank Ocean! "No Church in the Wild" by Kanye, Frank Ocean, and Jay-Z. I'm glad someone else likes him too

then maybe they should have english actors act for this film

The song is Jay-z and Kanye west ft France Ocean!

its no church in the wild (:

Just because your too think to understand the true greatness of not only the plot line but the symbolism of the book, then why are you even here? your entitled to you own opinion but don't expect people not to be slightly offended to the little amount of thought you put into the book.

That first song sounded like Frank Ocean

No church in the wild- Jay z and kanye west fr Frank ocean

@Swicowico how the hell does it remind you of panem?

They should have used U2's original version of Love is Blindness.

HOLY SMOKES! Its SPIDER-MAN!

What's the song playing at the beginning of the trailer?

it will be awesome .......i really  like that type of movies i have many more latest videos or full hd movies like battleship,men in black ect..........only on my channel hollywoodmoviezdotcom........

however if its anything like moulin rouge! itll be an amazing film to see for certain

The plot will be whatevve, but i really like the art direction of the film

Its a symbolic look on the roaring 20's

old sport!

only those who have read the book before know that 1:55 shows the eyes of TJ Eckleburg

:)

Oh god... if it's anything like Romeo + Juliet, it'll be a hilarious mess to watch.

It kinda reminds me of the Capitol of Panem '-'

Where was the green light?

ok. I understand the book is amazing and all. But this movie looks suprisingly great. It may have a different feel that the book did but instead of completely copying the source material its better that he took the source material and made it his own style. I respect him for that and thats how all adaptations should be made. Plus his adaptation looks like its going to be very succesful. Im pleasently surprised about how this looks

Oh god. Soooooo excited!!!

Thumbs up if you know what happens because you had to read it in highschool

Hopefully, better than the last Great Gatsby movie....that was horribly boring and not fitted with the book :(

This looks great. The whole color thing goes perfect with Fitzgerald's vivid descriptions in the book. 

Incredible means "not credible."

Yyaayyy old spidermans in this woohoo

read the book. psyched.


Yyaaaayyy old spidermans in this woohoo

I got chills at 1:51 as I see the car speeding through the streets... knowing what it leads to...

Leonardo dicaprio is a pimp and gatsby is a pimp this movie will be good

amitabh bachchan. 

jack and peter parker ftw!!

@LetsgetKookin- "No Church in The Wild" -Jay Z and Kanye West

It looks like a great movie. Definitely a modern interpretation of the novel, but nevertheless it looks amazing. 

Exactly! it describes a much closer, more intimate setting. IE it didn't have parties with a thousand revellers. And the homes were colonial-esque mansions not palaces. In the book, Gatsby's home was not THE FUCKING TAJ MAHAL. The trailer has an aroma of moulin rouge, and it stinks like ASS.

Spider man, spider man does what ever gatsby can

Well it's the director of "Romeo and Juliet" so it has a sorta of funky fell to it. Sounds like an award winning movie. I do hope for good preformances well Leo knows what he's doing.

No church in the wild. Jay z and kanye west

what song is in the beginning? 

This movie looks like it will be a total CGI-polluted disgrace to the original book. Baz Luhrmann's "Romeo + Juliet" was forgivable; it was strange enough to be somewhat comical and likable, but this looks to be a terrible movie.

And/or if you saw the movie that came out in 1974 with Robert Redford, which was a wonderful movie and a great representation of the book and that time period. I won't be seeing this movie because it is too flashy and modern for that time period.

Dr. TJ Eckleburg, that is.

IDIOTS. This is an amazing replication of the novel. 

The movie is always different and far worse than the book. I suggest actually reading the book. (:

The book is so much better...

wrong...if you read the book, you'd see that the movie will be incredible

I have never read the book but I greatly intend to before I see the movie but with that said I have to state that this movie looks fantastic and in general I'm pretty durn excited for it to come out

Jeebus it looks so flashy. When I was reading the book I kept picturing something more.... classy. Idk I'll just wait till it comes out to judge it. 

Can't wait to see how this turns out

I'm excited because The Great Gatsby is a classic. Also, this movie has a certain... look to it. It's almost surreal. I can't quite find the words I'm looking for but it just seems so vivid and colorful, more so than it should be. Definitely interested.

DAH FUCK IS DOCTOR TJ ECKELBURG!?!?

Haha buddy take a breath please.

The IMDB page lists Craig Armstrong as the composer for the film. He's done things like In Time, but mostly his own stuff. I'm personally a fan of it; I think he can do justice to something as possible to screw as Gatsby. I think the trailer music works just as a hook for all the people who don't live and breathe analytics pertaining to Fitzgerald and Gatsby.. Ya know, people losing their shit over this trailer, ie. myself.

love the sound track

I hate the music in the trailer. Carey Mulligan's accent changes in every scene she's in. Leo is the perfect Gatsby, though. :)

OK I'm still on the fence about whether this will be a good movie or not, but at least I finally found the one thing that was pissing me off. Throughout the whole trailer I was waiting for a green light and getting more and more angry when i couldn't see it, but its in one of the final shots in the top right corner

Leo!!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING! J Edgar and now this?? You were doing so well!!!!!!

This looks TERRIBLE!

Try hard? What do you think this is, COD? And I don't get why you had to bash on Americans... that was pretty unfair and uncalled for. 
Good movies are not defined by the directors origins, that's absolute bullshit. 'Americans just want to be the best'. Right, I suppose that people who have dreams of doing something they love just just half-ass it then? And that goes for ANY individual. It's not just Americans.
I'm sure the English ARE good at those kinds of movies... but anyone else can be too

The buildings were higher, the parties were bigger, the morals were looser and the liquor was cheaper... 
This is gonna be an awesome movie :D

Ugly ass bitch!

Your clarity is just...just astounding. 

you clearly don't follow hollywood if you believe that. just look at all the piss poor remakes of beloved classic movies for proof that they would indeed make a crap movie based off a classic book. 

@ladydroon stop it..... you're embarrassing yourself.....

this looks like shit. a 100 million dollar piece of shit. should have just given me the money, hollywood. i would have gladly took a shit in a box and gave it to you for that kind of money. 

Whats the beginning song?


Besides the classic american novel, I've already answered this question a thousand fucking times. Don't make me do it again.

As for classic American novels, try to Kill a Mockingbird

No INTLTHUG is right

this movie was never intended for educated, intelligent people. The director is trying make his buck and to please too many at once: by involving Amitabh Bachchan  for at least one third of huge Indian population, by Jay-Z music for dumb teen viewrs, by depicting black people partying with whites in 20th for brown audience. I am afraid he won't satisfy anyone.

Was I asking for happy characters? No, I was asking for characters with SUBSTANCE! Everyone but Gatsby (and honestly he's pretty close too) is paper-thin with no greater motives or personality than HURR LOOK HOW SUPERFICIAL I AM DO I GET THE POINT ACROSS TO THE READERS YET FITZGERALD!!! It's fucking retarded. Everyone has some level of endearing traits or reason to their attitude. Fitzgerald made no attempt like a good author should to reflect them.

Am I the only one who's not buying Leo as Gatsby? He just looks too "legit" to be Gatsby. I always pictured him as the kind of guy that didn't really look rich but was trying really hard to, if that makes sense.

don't be a pessimist, no one likes a pessimist -.-

Guys the book is great. But come on, if you aren't supposed to judge a book by it's cover, why the heck do you think you can judge this movie by it's trailer? I bet it will be genuinely entertaining. No one would dare step on such a sacred book if they couldn't pull it off.

?  Go to Google
?  Search this key:  dixvi share all porn premium accounts
?  Enjoy!

Young people today tend to go Dutch when they go out together.

Haha. Jesus you are pissed! its pretty funny. If you really wanted me to shutup you would stop responding to my comments! Again, think please!

Bad actors and Leo. Just what the world ordered.

@ladydroon please shut up

I CANT WAIT TILL CHRISTMAS!!!

I completely agree haha

LOL, thnx. (Not everyone will laugh along with me on that one though!)

dicaprio as gastby?.....eh..  :C

I think having it in 3D will be pretty cool especially with all the colors they are bringing into the film, it will be like art if it stays true to the book and puts in all the symbolic colors into it

And using new music instead of great 1920's music is just cheap and tacky. It's meant for lazy dumb audiences who would never appreciate being exposed to something (20's music) different. 

By the way everyone this is by the person who directed Austrailia. Just wanted to remind you.

I should be Leo's agent, I could tell him which films are gonna be shit.

Ya I agree. Shouldn't it be music from the 20's? Just saying.

Interestingly, some consider the book to be one of the most overrated novels ever. A "lame rehashed soap opera" it's been called. 

I instantly thought that Leonardo dicaprio was perfect for that role before I found out that he is in fact in the movie

LMAO Really? Like I said BEFORE you responded to my post. Therefor intiated the conversation. 

Anything by Baz Luhrmann is a horrid mess. Remember in his remake of "Moulin Rouge", where he turned the dignified Toulouse-Lautrec into a bouncing hyper Mexican midget ??

I hope it's good! But I don't like daisy!

I like how Baz is keeping all the symbolic colors true to the book. 

Haha if you think I flipped out I'm sorry. Condecention and getting angry is different. I am being condecending. Sorry I have no idea what Zulu is and yes again I don't care. So defend yourself that's great. You are very annoying. I think we need to end this conversation before you end up giving yourself a heart attack.

this looks cool!

im here cause of spiderman xD

It's not exactly a "LET'S SEE HOW MANY FUCKING BUILDINGS WE CAN BLOW UP" movie. It's based on a novel that explores the idea of the tragic hero and whether or not it's the person them self or the idea that preys upon them that brings them to their ultimate demise.  It's going to be a hit. 

Movies are never as good as the books they're adapted from. Couple examples are No Country For Old Men, There Will Be Blood, I Am Legend, The Road etc but this film still looks interesting. Might have to read the book again before paying $12. On another note why would you need to see this in 3D!?!

Considering how terrible the book is I don't have much hope for a movie based on it.  I predict Battlefield Earth all over again (a shitty book being made into a shitty movie).

Haha thats pretty good

this looks good, but it seems to lack the mystery of the book and downplay Gatsby's desperate need to recreate the past with Daisy

great gatsby = favorite book
leo dicaprio = favorite actor/first crush

cant wait!

Ha ha Exactly! 

@ladydroon lol no. when i corrected your original post you flipped out. i feel i have been vary civil this entire time. i dont care that you think a certain type of music sucks. but i do care when someone acts so douchy about it for no reason that they actually resort to childish insults. i cannot let things like this slide ( im zulu we dont ever back down. and if you are as smart as you seem to think you are then you should know that) i have to fight it sorry. i always defend myself

I don't like the modern soundtrack in a period piece.  It gives me the same uneasy feeling that I had when I saw the Marie Antoinette trailer.  If they can make it work like they did in A Knight's Tale, that might be ok.  But A Knight's tale used music from Queen, ACDC and Smokey Robinson, which were already classics.  From the trailer, they are playing 2 relatively new songs from 2 relatively new artists.  I see it back-firing. :-\ But we'll see.

If you notice most if not all english actors are the best and most have been classically trained and been in important stageplays. 

I agree ellennify he is a fine actor. But he does not deserve an Oscar. He is Leonardo DiCaprio in every movie. He has no range.

Read the book and watched the old movie! I'll watch this (:

I need to go and re-read the book now..

Hurray!  Although I have to admit I love the book and am nervous the movie won't do it justice

You're kidding, right?

WTF 
Okay I'll c it 
^Christmas^

Haha you are the one that commented on my post my friend! When I basically said I didn't care that it was shitty music. You flip out. If you don't want people telling you their opinion then don't comment on what they say. I'm just being honest. You need to calm down and stop being so defensive. I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings, but why do you care? Its not like you know me. Let's be realistic.

actor name at 1:05 ?

I can't wait for this movie! I love the book & I know I'll love the movie :)

Thumbs up if you like this because of the book not because it has Leonardo DiCaprio in it.

1920 sure look like the 90 but in different clothing

i liked him in inception

I don't really like the trailer, but I can't wait for the movie nonetheless. it's a great story

Just letting you know, If I was illiterate I wouldn't be typing actual english right now. So if you are going to try and insult me. You should at least know what the actual word means before you use it. ;-)

That's not roaring 20's music. Wth!
However I'm still exited for it.

@ladydroon dude thats not cool. and i wasnt saying you were acting hostile because of music. i was saying that you are hostile because i simply corrected a mistake you made in determining the genre of music and you (for some reason) decided that "this person is stupid". i honestly dont even know if you're trolling of not, if you arent then you should learn to be less of a douche to people on the internet

Great cast selection...

Tobey Maguire was not a good Spiderman. 1 wasn't bad nor was two, but three was one of the worst movies I've seen. The person playing Spiderman now looks to be a good actor. He looks and acts more like Spiderman than Tobey did. It should be much better without him 

Spidermans second life

I said he was a good actor, but he does not deserve an oscar. I can think of countless actors who deserve one more than him - none american surprisingly. They are over actors and try hards. 

You're an idiot.  DiCaprio has been deserving of an Oscar all his career.  He doesn't 'overtry', he excels beyond belief.  

I always thought Gatsby would look more like donald draper. 

I know it is set in the US, and that it's meant to be in this era, but the Americans really butcher movies set in this era. The english are amazing at doing these sorts of films. The Americans make it look so... try hard. I mean, Leo is undoubtedly a good actor, but he comes off as a try hard. I'll give it a shot, but even the novel was nothing special. Americans just want to be the best, and they're not.

Omg just read this in school and loved it can't wait

For all those wondering about the songs in the trailer.  

SONG #1: No Church In The Wild - Kanye West & Jay-Z
SONG #2: Love Is Blindness (U2) - Jack White's cover.  

thumbs up so everyone can see. 

It looks to me like this film is going to be an absolutely incredible portrayal of an absolutely incredible work of literary genius. I am so excited.

Where the fuck is Vincent Chase?

I don't like how it looks... 
I rather see a gritty version

Loool reading this book in American lit.

Wait so the original spiderman isn't going into the new spiderman movie honestly thtZ just sad & disappointing

Love is Blindness--- the cover by Jack White, not the original by U2

@ladydroon wow you are really hostile. lol. shitty music is an opinion but whatever. as for reading i consider myself an avid reader and i plan to read this book before i see the movie. also ireally dont see how my reading skills have a place in this comment thread. i was under the impression we were talking about music. what music do you listen to?

@uchiha923 looks like somebody's been on reddit

No Church In The Wild (feat. Frank Ocean) - Kanye West & Jay - Z


whats the song at the end?


spoiler?

Amitabh bachan.

I want to like this! I really do.

lol looks like I hit a nerve with someone. hee hee

I care

I think it's time that Leo won an Oscar.

What song kicks in right at 0:16?

No...just...no.

yes it does

Looks disappointing.

One of my favorite books when I was still in high school. :')

agree! :) Especially Leo. 

haha. Im offended by the film looking shitty and having shitty music like I said. ;-) Read an actual book maybe you will learn something.

music does not fit in with it.

Even F. Scott Fitzgerald, in his worst alcoholic moments, would think this film looks like an awful mess. 

Love Is Blindness - Jack White

This is one of the best book in high school it had everything :D

Thank you 

whats the name of the music after 1:15'?


Daaaaaamn. Leonardo Dicaprio and Tobey Maguire are perfect for Gatsby and Nick. The two look exactly the way I pictured them in the book

Baz Luhrman will ruin this classic (book) like he ruined the film "Moulin Rouge" with that remake. 

it's an American classic. I read this in high school almost 6 YEARS ago. Where were you?

i just finished this book for english! this is one of the first times i read a book before watching the movie! :)

It's a bit stupid how excited I am for this movie. I LOVED the book! And as for the music, I think they use it for the trailer to set the mood for the movie. Obviously, there was no auto-tuned music in the 20's...

i just lol'd


jack white love is blindness 

Jack White Covering U2 - Love is Blindness

No Church In The Wild - Jay Z and Kanye

@ladydroon wowwww umad. chill out dude. i was correcting your mistake. no need to get your dick all twisted. plus watch the throne was actually a surprisingly good album. at least for a mainstream album. nd you cant say jay z is shitty. he was one of the best mainstream rappers out there. i swear some people get offended by the smallest things...

wowwwww..... how very interesting.......i brought a loaf of bread this morning....

I know right lol but looks good

what is the song that kicks in at 1:47?

seems your the only sensible on on here...

Amitabh is in this! lol 

what do you expect from baz lurhman...... 

Does anyone know what the opening song is in  this trailer?

There is a famous guy from Bollywood in trailer 1:04 - 1:09

love u....

nothing peak's ur intrest...... ur like a couch potato....

So I'm not the only one who thought that seemed funny!

true true.....

theres a cliff east of where you are.... its quite high....

For those who havent read it gatsby dies by george wilson for killing myrtle

no one cares what you have to say.....

Leo is like a 100 yrs old!!!!... hes drooling...... ewwwww

"liquor was cheaper" Really? During Prohibition? I thought that's how Gatsby made his money...

your fucking wrong deal with it!!!!

The critics are going to have a field day with this one.......

I'm gonna go see this.

This is from Baz Luhrmann, the same guy who made "Romeo + Juliet" and "Moulin Rouge". So, yes, expect techno, trance, euro dance, hard rock, etc... implanted in a 1920s enviroment. Anything except the music from that era :P

the*** 
When you're going to point out someone's spelling mistakes, make sure you double check yours first. You illiterate fuck.

Wow we just finished reading this book in lit class. Looks bomb as fuck as a movie

Love the setting of this movie. Loved the book and cant wait to see this!

New York 1922
The tempo the city had changed sharply
the buildings were higher
the parties were bigger
the morals were looser
and the liquor was cheaper
the restlessness approached
hysteria...

This movie is gonna b dope! Read it in high school and I loved it!!!

First half

people can die from that

I'll be honest, I expected an epic jazz soundtrack. Kanye + 20's = weird

Love the music

Theres a zebra at 0:17 if anyone cares 

the only good about this version is that leonardo is in there.... :s

Uh what he hell is Tachno? Learn how to spell. I can't tell your shitty music apart from other shitty music sorry.

@ladydroon implying watch the throne is a tachno album

:13 they spelled Ziegfeld wrong, by spelling it "Zeigfeld." Awkward...

Are you being sarcastic? lol

How?

Haha when I heard that techno song at the beginning I was all NOOOOO! Now this movie is going to be fucked!

this looks so legit

Sorry we saw the trailer we can point out a shitty movie.

He sounds like Leonardo Dicaprio. He is a fine actor but he has no range whatsoever.

agreed but I still want to see it lawl

I disagree, But i agree that this movie will be a disgrace

It already looks shitty in the trailer haha

THANK GOD it's in 3D and filled with CGI. 

I'd rather listen to Andy Kaufman read the book on stage than watch this.

Wow  seems like a lot of you were MADE to read this book in High School NO WONDER you will enjoy this movie so much.

He lost weight :D

my classmate's sister brought in $14922 the prior week. she is making cash on the internet and moved in a $385300 home. All she did was get fortunate and follow the clues made clear on this website >>LazyCash19. Com<<

Its gonna suck! This novel is supposed to be serious not fucking cheesy and in 3D with Probably musical numbers i would only assume since its by Baz Lurhman. Not to metion fucking tecno music at the beginning! Take a piss on literature!

If its by Baz Luhrman Yes, Yes it can

what was that second song?

I love how Isla is playing Myrtle, when the character is described as "mid thirties, faintly stout, thickset figure, face isn't beautiful, however she has vitality, is continually smouldering and carries herself very sensuously".

Could be interesting. Could be another 3D cash grab.

Either way, I'm reading the book first.

leonardo dicaprio even looks old and tired and short in this movie, not cool, elegant, and gatsby like at all, just all shit.

SPOILER GATSBY GETS SHOT.

Alright, I have a few questions. In your opinion, what's a prime example of a "classic american" novel? Also, are you thinking of any particular characters when you say that they had no significant role, if so which ones? In my opinion, the book would be much worse from Gatsby's perspective, but that's all I'll say in terms of my opinion. Lastly, do you think the book lacks substance as well, or is your problem mostly with items on the surface such as plot?

It Looks like another shit taken from Baz Lurhman 


I understand they have to amp up the trailer to appeal to a modern audience (especially those who didn't like or didn't read the book) but I hope it doesn't reflect how the actual movie will be. The story and the 20s themselves make for an intriguing film.

this looks like shit, did they ever read the book?

MUST READ Go to the app store or android market and download Bamboowallet and earn money just by downloading free apps. I would like you to use my invite code LM9307 and it starts you of with $0.25 JunoCredits. Remember Enter my Invite Code 'LM9307' when prompted. With the money you can get iTunes, psn, Xbox ,Starbucks gift cards and many more.------->LM9307<------- if you don't believe me watch my video

This movie is for sure going to be phenomenal.

I read that book in highschool!

have you even read the book? if anything the acting will be shitty

Cant stop watching this but I know it wont be good

Wow how ironic,we just got done reading this book at school haha I'm so excited

For all the hoopla, this looks incredibly enjoyable to me and lends the narrative an intensity I felt the book often lacked.  I'll definitely try to see this.

Kanye West ft. Jay-Z - No Church in the Wild. 
:) 

why the hell would anyone ruin this by watching it in "3D"??

No man can be Gastby! Only God knows his true face!

I love the shirt scene, i don't know why but I'll be looking forward to that. Leonardo Dicaprio honestly makes the perfect Gatsby, and Tobey Mcguire seems like a really good Nick Carraway also. 

For those who didn't enjoy the book, reread that shit. It is a fucking hurricane; like a huge tsunami bearing down while upbeat, insane music reminds how completely irrational every character is.

why..........

NO. Why can't they just re-release the old film? As much as I love LDC, he will never be Jay Gatsby.

no church in the wild by jay z and kanye west

1:55 "Soon....."

And it actually fits for the context!

you are awesome, thank you!! :)

WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE SONG AT THE BEGINNING OF THE TRAILER??

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

Omg I can't wait! I just finished the book in class couple months ago and watched the old version, but this one goes exactly with the descriptions ;)

Wow, truly god-awful. 

Ugh i feel indifferent. this is my favorite book of all time...

"Love is Blindness." It's a U2 song but this is a cover.

Anyone else just read this for school

SPOILER: I don't want to experience Gatsby dying in the swimming pool daydreaming about daisy again!!!!!

This looks so good!! It looks like they've kept everything important to the book intact in the movie. I hope that's not Gatsby diving into the pool at 1:14 though, t'was interesting in the book that he never used his pool

Nick isn't much of a character since he doesn't do a lot just tags along in the book and movies.

the trailers make me want to see the movie, but it doesn't really reveal anything about the movie. 

love is blindness - Jack White
:)

The only reason I want to see this is because Leo is playing Gatsby

What? This movie is totally fictional, takes place in the time it was written. This ain't about that greedy, lying, intolerant, stupid asshole!

This is gonna be good, the book was amazing. 

And by the way, does anyone know the name of the song in the second half of the trailer?

Everyone who is saying Leo has an accent… in the book Gatsby talks purposely with a slight brit accent (even though it isn't real)

DAT GATSBY.

You should read the book.

Can a movie get more boring?

OMG! DOES ANYONE NEED MONEY?This is a way to get money ,I MADE $50 in 2 days!!!! 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store)  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code :   wantme 4.THEN you'll get stared with$20 (29k points ) P.S. I luv to help ya

NO NO NO NO NO 

Ah so happy that you saw the movie. I take it wasn't good...wait...it isn't out yet? Oh. Then...how...do...you...know...?...

Unsure about the Watch the Throne implementation into the trailer. I do hope that Lana Del Rey's somewhere on the soundtrack though!

So the book sucked because you couldn't comprehend it? No offence, but that doesn't sound very logical to me.

Leo sounds like he picked up a bit of an Australian accent at 1:08, which I guess makes sense as the movie's being filmed in Australia, and has several Australian actors.

Ahhhhhh...Baz Luhrmann is going to ruin another great story. 

DOWNLOAD the app APP TRAILERS from the app store or android marketplace and use the bonus code "2mandude" and u can get a $10 itunes gift card or xbox live or playstation cards. Get advantage of this offer NOW! LIMITED TIME only!!! NO more dumb SURVEYS!!!

Haha, what isn't the problem in the story?

Basically.  A now rich Gatsby (Leo Dicaprio) is madly in love with his ex Daisy (Carey Mulligan) who initially broke up with him and married an unfaithful asshole.  Most of the core of the book centers around their relationship.

They did the same thing in Marie Antoinette(2006) by adding some pop songs so the viewers could easier relate to the wild parties in Versailles and Paris. It worked for that movie but I agree with you; the true feel of the Roaring 20's needs no boosters, things were far more fun at those times than they are today! Electroswing could have been used, Caravan Palace and some other artists... 

?~? this is acceptable

Really english A i read it in my normal english class. by the way i also hated the book it sucked partly because i didnt understand it completly.

I've just finished reading the book for my English A Level, and I have to say, I hated it. I did, however, watch the 1974 film version with Robert Redford, Sam Waterstone and Mia Farrow and loved it, so i'm really interested to see how this one turns out. So far, i'm not liking the look of Carey Mulligan as Daisy, however, I think Leo will make a great Gatsby (no pun intended :L). I guess we shall see :).

such an incredible trailer.

The songs are so out of place. That's no knock on Jay-Z and Jack White, who are incredible musicians, but the songs don't fit here.

0:13 Grammar Nazzi, ZIEGFELD FOLLIES not ZEIGFELD FOLLIES !

you mean have read the book...


437 people have read the book.


Should be amazing.

Should be amazing. @jonneyetv

I thought the book was great. I have a feeling that this movie could go either way. I really hope it does the book justice. I thought Moulin Rouge was good although Romeo and Juliet wasn't that great. The same director is making this film so..we'll see. Gotta love that art deco artwork though! Reminds me of bioshock ;)

"No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z and Kanye West on their Watch the Throne album :)

Whoops I meant "doesn't just add details in for no good reason." Editing fail.

thumbs up for tobey

I thought the list of party guests in Chapter 4 was very purposeful... there was a strong sense of mockery and sarcasm throughout the entire thing. Considering the fact that Fitzgerald wrote and re-wrote the book several times, he does just add details in for no good reason. 

You know, I always imagined that Gatsby looked like Leonardo DiCaprio in my head as we were reading this a few years ago.

Please someone tell me what the song was at the beggining?

Love is blindness jack white

Anyone know the song?

436 people haven't read any book.

Is this Movie about Mitt Romney? I hope not because the trees aren't the right height in New York.

Can't wait!!! Just finished school and did this in my last year!!! Magnificent book!!! 

"Love Is Blindness" by Jack White. It's a cover from the U2 song.

Baz's style is flashy and big scaled. Obviously this film will be. However I think he will do the book just fine. You got a really good cast and honestly, from what I saw in this trailer. I am looking forward to seeing this. But that is my own opinion.

0:18 zebra in the pool

Gatsby and Daisy were lovers, Gatsby left for war and after that Daisy (Narrator/Nick's cousin) married Tom. A few years later Gatsby is trying to get Daisy to leave Tom and go back with him.

Looks like a toy zebra, like the ones you blow air into so you can float on water

Great to see DiCaprio's return to blockbuster leading man status.

I'm not by any means saying that Gatsby is the best book I've read and it's not perfect (stupidly long/pointless list of party guests in Chapter 4) but Fitzgerald tells an excellent story, giving a bitter social commentary on the raw corruptive power of wealth and impossible aspirations.
I think you need to stop hoping every book is full of happy, fluffy characters and understand the significance of unpleasant/superficial characters being used to show the evils of a world ruled by consumerism.

0:11 jigaboos

Something about this movie feels fake.  I love the Great Gatsby so I am going to give this a chance.  However, it feels like it is going to feel like Hollywoodland or J Edgar, one of those types of movies.  It doesn't look like they captured the feel of the Roaring 20s very well.

ok one the movie doesnt need 3d 2 cant wait hope its as good as the book that i read in rehab

SO. EXCITED. Quite honestly, the 1970s version was a bit of a snooze-fest, and the girl who played Daisy was awful. This version seems really exciting though, and I'm glad the director seems to be taking creative liberties with it. What I just don't want is another repeat of the 1970s version, but it looks like that won't happen :)

For everyone bitching about the songs in the trailer.  Go watch Luhrmann's "Romeo + Juliet" and then get back to me.  "Say WHAT?!?!?  They didn't have HELICOPTERS in old Verona!!!"

0:18 party or not, it is still extremly irresponsible to have a zebra running around in your pool

let me guess he dies 

Gatsby wants to win Daisy's heart all the while she's had a baby with Tom Buchanan and he can't get rid of the love she has for them. 

OMG I cannot wait!! Loved the book, and although the movie won't be just the same it will still be good.. Considering Leonardo DiCaprio will be in it! 

starring vincent chase?

The only issue I have with this movie that the previous Gatsby movie did was that Gatsby invites Nick up to his office when they first meet. In the book they don't do that but it still looks really great!

What exactly is the problem in the story?


Now Lazy High School Kids Have A Cool Movie To Watch Instead Of Reading “The Great Gatsby”

IS THAT AMITABH BACHCHAN WHAT WHAT

I'm pretty sure Gatsby never sleeps with the girl

How many movies does Leo die in the end?

:19 OMG look at the size of that wine bottle!

Robert Redford says: "been there, done that"

I think it's more like 436 people HAVE read the book...

I don't want to wait till Christmas

WHATS THE SONG??? (not the Jay Z song at the beginning, the other one)

Why are Daisy's eyes not green?!

I'm bring shirts to throw during the shirt throwing scene. 

whats funnyisi watched this trailer yesterday it was 800000 views and where did the other views come from hahahahah

it's Dicaprio, worry not.

I'm a junior and we read this book in my AP Language and Composition class this year. I liked the book. The ending made me sad though. 8( I think I liked the way Daisy looked in the 1974 movie better. I'm looking forward to seeing this. I think Fitzgerald would be excited to see that his works are more popular now. 8)

this movie might or might not be true to the story when it comes out but this just gives me another reason to relive hating Daisy again XD

love the book and looking forward to this movie when it comes out.

Carey Mulligan is from Drive, right? Anyways, this looks good, but I hate the fact I know how it ends...

I thought Paul Rudd's version was good already, why remake it again?

It sounds like the narrator is taking a shit

anyone else nervous that the movie might not do the book justice? 


This looks really epic, i wanna read the book

hahah, jack white brilliance comming up!!


Can't wait to see the movie, I loved the book and now I can go watch the movie when it comes out. Just from the trailer it already has me watching it over and over again so the movie must be good and it also has strong actors!

If you read the book, which many of us has, then you'd already know the story anyway. :)

I'm so worried about how this is going to turn out. I adore the book and it worries me that they're going to stray too far for me to even enjoy it but at the same time I'm in love with Carey Mulligan and everything she does so I don't know how it's going to turn out! Fuck the trailer looks good though! Ascetically, probably one of the best film trailers I've ever seen.

I love how even how in the book they describe him slightly putting on an accent is even nailed .. This looks superb so much better and detailed than i ever expected cannot wait

I...don't quite like the choice of music in this preview- but I can't wait to see this! 8D

There are too many re-makes of this! It better be good.

Yessss please!

Peter Parker should have been the great Gatsby.

There have been other Gatsby movies. I am in High School right now and I loved the book.

You mean bad thing...

@PandaApproved i think its tobey mcquire lol

hate the book, failed my English class because of it,


the first song is "No Church in the Wild" - Jay Z and Kanye West. the second song is "Love is Blindness" - Jack White. thumbs up so people can see

Many a high school student who'd otherwise have had to read the book will be relieved by this movie :)

OH MY GOD. I CANNOT WAIT

was I talking to you fagget cunt??

Now I see the references /watch?v=jj8z0lI-g-s

What is the song at the end "love is darkness"??

When a film starts with Jay Z and Kanye, has Jewels from Tiffany & Co. and a set that is influenced by good taste you just cant go wrong... 

Oh thank god! I am sure nobody will ever guess the ending of this story!

CAN'T WAIT !!!!! and that song is great, anyone knows what it is ?

Oh he's gonna be extra great with the 3D!!!...

Nick Carroway

Who is playing Tom? Will we get to see Gatsby in his pink suit or did they cut that out?

did anybody else see the zebra in the pool? damnnn wildd ass partyy..

No Church in the Wild by Jay-z

Its his great-grandfather of course... ;)

Vincent Chase looks a lot like Leo

What is the song right at the start ?

Who's the "What kind of a row are you trying to cause in my house" guy?

anybody know the song at the beginning before love is blind?

I think the book was horrible, the only part I liked was the ending when gatsby gives up

That is a blow up swim tool -_-

great book and looks like itd be pretty good on screen!

*insert joke about Tobey Maguire here*  HHAHHAA IM SO CLEVER -_-  anyways cant wait to see this movie, the book is a masterpiece hopefully this movie will do it better justice then the previous great gatsby film starring robert redford

I know right? Good thing I didn't read the book! :P

Hey look it's that dork from Pleasantville. loool Can't wait to see this movie. :D

Yeah it's Love is Blindness being covered by Jack White. Fantastic cover btw...

Love is Blindness cover by Jack White. 

Same! :D

It's Jack White, of the White Stripes/Racounters, etc., doing the cover.

If you want free $25 iTunes gift card then download the free app called Check Points from the app store & type green213 for the bonus code & you can earn points.

WE JUST FINISHED READING THIS AT SCHOOL!!!!  Must WATCH!

Fittingly on loop.

woa, peter parker!

"Love is Blindness" - originally by U2 but this version is a cover by someone else

not every movie !! 

Kinda smart they used two very well known actors.

love is blindness by jack white

Leonardo DiCaprio is just perfect for Gatsby!

This isn't the "yellow cocktail music" so skillfully described by Fitzgerald.

whats the song at 1:46 and on?

in every dicaprio movie, he dies, i guess we all know whats going to happen...

This is just wow! Even better than what i was imagining when i was reading this book. Al though gatsby's house looks exactly how i imagined it.

Will definitely watch it!!! But need to read the book first!!!

Leo is the man!

OMG, IM READING THIS BOOK FOR SCHOOL

Prolly gonna be a gay sex scene

I will definately be seeing this. Im ecstatic to see dicaprio playing Gatsby. Not because of the cliche but because I think he is a great actor. Loved him in Romeo + Juliet. In school i strangely loved this book. But anyways don't judge movies sorely on actors. See it first and note their performance before you criticize. Can't wait!!

somewhere in England there's a guy who's the luckiest bastard on the planet. His name's Marcus Mumford and he's probably getting a real kick out of this trailer.

No homo, but I agree wit da comment below...

leo looks better than usual (no homo)

the fact that its  a great model is why it might turn out bad... because they might fuck it up bigger than they fucked up i am legend


francis ford coppola wasnt the director, jack clayton was

1:50 oh god the CGI...

It's Laz Buhrmann, and he obviously will.

I hope they don't butcher the book.

yep :)

brad pitt was exactly who I had in mind for Gatsby. As much as I don't like Pitt or how cliched he's become, I think he would fit the role wonderfully. As for Daisy, I don't think anyone could do a better job than Mia Farrow has done. Nick, I always thought could be portrayed by James Mcavoy.  

Well you can be sure of one thing, it's going to be better than the flat crap that was directed by Francis Ford Coppola...

How can anyone say that this is going to turn out bad? The cast is packed with great actors, the source material is one of the greatest American novels ever made, and the director is a PERFECT choice for the film (Baz Luhrman). The very same man whom directed Moulin Rouge and Romeo + Juliet, obsessed with using color symbolism and contemporary music in his work, has been given the chance to direct a film which mainly uses color symbolism to convey its message. Also, DiCaprio? Mulligan? FUCK YEAH

lol why is it in 3D?

next will be scrottie mcbugerballs

i dont know whether to be exited or angry

its not on his album but its called     love is blindness

I don't think Pine would be right for Nick, not that he's a bad actor, just not right for the part. I actually think Toby McGuire should be good as Nick, but the rest sounds good.

im pretty sure it is off of jack white's new album...not sure about the song though hold on ill look


Leonardo still awesome until now ,, ^_^

The song at the beginning is called "No Church in the Wild" by Kanye West and Jay-Z.

Please go watch, COMMENT, AND LIKE my video it's called What da hamsandwich

does anyone know what the second song is called?

this is suck movie


This looks terrible!


no church in the wild-jayz & kanye

Gatsby is the only character with any likable traits, and even then, the guy has rather thin traits to him and many points where he came off being a douche.

I think you need to stop excusing F Scott Fitzgerald's inability to craft a story with depth thats more than paper thin and actually pick up a good book instead.

i love this! we just finished reading it in class :D the shirt scene gets me every time xD
does anyone know the name of the song at the beginning?

the snow white and the huntsman trailer is some orchestra music. the first song in this trailer is "no church in the wild" by kanye west and jay z

dangit, this pisses me off, if only this movie could have came out three months ago, i would prolly be passing english right now...

And my class just got done reading the book awesome

The book version makes more sense with the characters they have 119itslegit, but that movie would be sweet as well.

I was talking about him screaming against the window

2:12


good point!

Was never into this... hope those of you who are enjoy it.....

It's Jay-Z and Kanye West - No Church In The Wild.

How to ruin a potentially good movie-- cast Tobey Maguire 

More Aliens plz. ;)

How to ruin a potentially good movie-- cast Tobey Maguire 

0:16 there is a ZEBRA in the pool!!!!

Of course this guy is an idiot. But your comments make you seem just as foolish.

Oh, and it should be "when that happens...".

I hope this is like the book

GOOD GRIEF WHY CAN'T WE ESCAPE THE AUTO-TUNE!

This looks beautiful. Like exquisite scenery and beautiful shots. I will see this!

start the trailer at 0:36 way better 

MOTHERFUCKING YES

How does he not create any likeable characters? I find Gatsby a very likeable character, one who is easy to sympathise with - he's been crushed by the unattainable nature of his dream, destroyed by an obsession beyond his control, whilst he himself is a victim of impossible hope.
And of course there's higher reasoning in most of the characters' shallow, despicable natures. I don't think you understood Fitzgerald's intentions. He was criticising society, showing how it could corrupt and destroy.

Read the book, its BRILLIANT, looking forward to this

Ugh. Such an amazing book, and HOPEFULLY an amazing movie. It looks good, but only time will tell.

epic arc reactor powered mega facepalm.

I read this book last year! :p

I thought this was a futuristic movie

@andallthatstuff yes....? They didn' t show that in the trailer either so I'm not sure what your point is

hm anyone else notice the zebra in the pool at 0:18

OMFG! i cant wait to watch this movie! i looooove great gatsby book! and love ALL actors in this movie!!!!

toby maguire has such a hate inducing face, which is a shame because he's probably a great guy

I read this novel, it's written by  F. Scott Fitzgerald. I enjoyed it very much and urge viewers to read this novel! its a quick read and it's always fun watching a movie of a story you read and see how things differ. 1:16 is the valley of ashes with the man hacking away, just wanted to point that out.

Use this cast to make Bioshock! It'd be perfect!

Spoiler! Gatsby dies!

PUT HER IN REVERSE

BUT THE WHEELS OFF

This is disgusting.
I'm about to throw up.

This makes it seem so much more intense than it actually is.

im sorry, but i find no church in the wild at the beginning of this trailer out of place. A rap song chorus in a period drama? really?


Whats the name of the soundtrack in start??

i just finished reading this book! omg i cant wait to see this!!! and hell yeah for the opening song being "No Church in the Wild" by kanye&jayz

spoil it for me someone please

Why does gay tobey maguire have to be in it

best trailer for a movie i've seen in a while

About as much of a fact that this movie is based on an American novel, and the novel itself is considered one of the world's finest pieces of literature. 

The man screaming is Wilson when he finds his wife died. He goes CRAZYY

Lol, at America being a better country. I can't get over how brainwashed and dumb you are. I'm not really surprised considering how laughable your spelling and grammar are. You can't even spell "loser" correctly. Typical American behavior. Stupidity and ignorance will have your country destroyed and when that happen everyone in the world will celebrate. That's a fact.

You know...the irony being Fitzgerald made this book to critacise America's attitude in the late 20's and the "lost generation"...and then the book is made into a movie and the movie becomes a big hit...i recon he'd hate that idea. Just hope the movie itself is far better and wont let this classic down.

0:17 WTF Zebra???

She looks like a squishy version of Kim Catral.........lol

iknow! i was disgusted as well

Love is blindness 
jack white 


It should cause she's ugly as fucck.....lol

brad pitt is jay gatsby, cmon hollywood

Certainly looks good, but  I think the old movie will be more accurate to the book than this. 

Jack White - Love is Blindness


He dies at the end..


Stop tokin the reefer. You guys are just imagining things you want to see inspired by Paranormal Activity. But, on the off chance you are serious, become a Christian. If there is anything going on, God will stop it if you believe in Him. 

I was searching for Nick the entire trailer.

leo should be playing nick....

impresive

I absolutely loved the book, and I can't wait to see this! It sucks I have to wait until Christmas for it to come out. :/

not sure how I ended up here but can
someone please, please help? my
roommate and I have been
documenting our own experiences
(through our vids) and
we are freaked out. how do we make
this stop? It's no joke when its
happening to you. any advice would be
much appreciated. we've got in contact
with the local priest but he seems
sceptical and refuses to visit our place?
wtf!?

I just finished reading this book in school lol wow this looks great!!!!

serouisly 3D?!

it looks different but cool


Amitabh's got a great look

does anyone know the song after 1:10 is called? it would be awesome if i can find out :)

love is blindess. 

We finished reading this the book for 11th grade English..it's has an awesome story line and a lot of twist. If you never read the book I recommend seeing the movie..or the older ones

what is the 2nd song?

Tobey Maguire seems to happy to be playing Nick. 

Koi samjha nahi laghe per Amitabh Bachchan k liya dekhna banta hai boss!



Mulligan is the only actor for me that fulfills the role of Daisy, Gatsby in my opinion should have been played by someone similar to that of a young Piers Brosnan. This film looks like it is more of a cinematic feat rather than a film abiding to the roots of Fitzgeralds writing.

The only good thing is Leonardo decaprio

Don't get me wrong, all the cast are great individual actors, Tobey McGuire is not right for the role of Nick, he looks lost in his role. Di Caprio, again good actor, Romeo & Juliet was electric, but for me he just isn't classy enough for this film, and judging by the trailer, Baz has gone for a different interpretation to the novel, from what i can gather, it seems Gatbsy & Daisy's relationship is much more physical as opposed to the novel which their relationship is more psychological. 

ha gf


Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild 

Another classic ruined.

lol

this movie looks sick

Inception meets Spider-Man

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild  i found it!!!!! im so good!!!

Yes! Exactly!

MY A LEVEL ENGLISH DREAMS ARE COMING TRUE

Gay with the same actors

Set your video to at least 480p or higher. Then look in the middle of the last shot

Umm hmm that bitch name Jordan, who served no greater purpose. Hell Nick hardly served any purpose in the book than to sit around and watch as everyone tears their life apart. Not to mention Tom and Daisy's kid who only made an appearance once. Not to mention all the random ass people at the party who did what? Just to gossip about Gatsby. Did that ever come back up later? No it did not.

When you stop accusing me of BSing and actually listen to points I'm making. then we can have a discussion.


brilliant trailer, excess, wealth, glamour and then amongst it the love web documented brilliantly in this trailer. Even the 2 minute long trailer presents the key theme of the novel; the hollowness of the American dream. To everyone waaing that it oughtn't be so glorified as it's an intimate tale, at the end of the day this is a business which needs to appeal and to sell. Through sensationalising the grandeur of the roaring twenties Gatsby's plight is made all the more sensitive, brilliant.

that is wath i looking for, the song from the beginning haha who know it?


No Church In The Wild

Eventhough I think some of the characters in the old move are better, i am really curious about how this version will become. I think it will be nice to see the story from a different angle!

The book was calm and at pace... It looks like they added too much drama. 
This book was been ruined :/

Thumbs up for Amitabh Bachchan!!!!

@LordVurtax, he's a far better writer than stephanie meyer. The great gatsby is a better story than that piece of garbage twilight.

the name of the song is: love is blind by jack white

Haha, Tobey seems to play himself in every film; he's never going to come across cool. 

Gatsby dies at the end.

"Love is Blindness" by Jack White


... Leo!

Love is Blindness- Jack White


no its not the soundtrack is modern - the setting is still 1920s 

wats the name of the song at the end of trailer

whats the name of the song that starts at 0:58 and finishes the trailer?

Its modern day interpretation of the novel, I like it

0:17 bad CGI zebra...

No, stop taking Fitzgerald's inability to create a likable character as some sort of higher reasoning. He just sucks as an author to do any decent job of character development and thats reflected through every moment in the Great Gatsby.

I fail to see how so many of the characters actually add anything. You give the imbecile of a writer FAR too much credit for such an atrocity to literature.

this will definitely be a top notch movie

WTF is up with the auto-tune???

why did they change Daisy's name to Isabel? wtf? 


wow, hollywood really likes using watch the throne songs in trailers

Brilliant brilliant brilliant trailer.. Truly amazing..

Hell no there gona make us watch this shit in school

This is so stupid! People in the 1920s didn't dance to auto tuned rap crap. Why the fuck do they have skrillex in the preview dj'ing the party? WTF?

I figured that's what you meant, lol. Just thought I'd make sure.

I love The Great Gatsby, I recently read it in English.

no church in the wild- Kanye West ft Jay-Z

@GreatMutilation I want The Giver would be a great movie. Very wizard of oz like.

I don't find it right. This is not reality. In real life these people would have been disgusted with hip hop. Why would anyone go watch a movie knowing that what is taking place in the film, is not what happened at all?

Is it just me or does this look like a uber flop of a film, i feel like its trying to be epic but i just dont get it

Oh my god!!! YESSSSS!! I back you up

Amazing trailer! DiCaprio is the perfect Gatsby!

spoiler alert! gatsby dies at the end

Best. Trailer. Ever.

@shawnisme11 It's the 20s lol

great cast

This is one of those movies that will either flop, or win oscars.

big b dhassu role mai hai. trailer seems good best of luck

what's the name of the song that starts to play at 0:58 ? 
thanks xx

so jealous of Carey Mulligan

starting hipster-ia everywhere

What are the songs in the trailer?

Anyone else noticed the Apple logo at the bottom right of the video?

Right, because only people with Oscars are authorities on thespian arts. She is awful.

Oh sounds good thanks


Trailer has a Jack White song (even though it is a cover). I must see this

jack white - love is blindness

Said the person who doesn't have an Oscar nomination....

@from93till :3

No Church in the Wild made the trailer ten times better

Yes. I've seen it, it's great :)

That Jordan Baker is gorgeous!

Good point! 

So... for everyone who keeps complaining about how boring this book is- Stop commenting! I think that the book is a very good piece of literature, and this looks like a very good adaptation of said literature. This book is not boring at all! It tells a very good story that most of you cannot comprehend because you're used to reading at a pre-k level:) Stop bashing this trailer and grow the hell up!

Ah George Wilson, yes

Haha, did you see the Zebra at 0:17 in the pool

Carey Mulligan is fucking awful. She ruins everything with that stupid face she makes.

Anyone know the name of the 2nd song that plays ?


@UnlimitedGamerZ Please watch Midnight in Paris. It reflectsa lot about your opinion :)

I don't mean this in a snarky way, but have you seen any of Baz's films?  That's sort of his thing.

hello leonardo 

This might be a good movie but I don't think it can do the novel justice. The novel was amazing and even the best adaptation of it cannot stack up.

This will own come awards season. It just will.

I wish 2012 was like 1920.. everything was so much more beautiful and classy.
2012 is some fucked up shit...

1:21 Such beautiful shirts!

Hey guys, gatsby gets killed by the mechanic at the end.

so it's gonna be titanic except without the boat, he's also rich, and she won't love him

Good thing I have to read this for school this month :)

Not a Luhrmann fan. I am a huge fan of F.Scott Fitzgerald, and his work The Great Gatsby - in particular. Hard to judge a film by its trailer, it does seem to follow the book closer than Coppala's screen play of 1974. Bachchan is a spot on descriptive of Wolfsheim, DiCaprio, Mulligan and Edgerton can make this work, my fear is Maguire cannot. Nicks role is vital to any success of Gatsby on film. 
"Cannot repeat the past" or "Love is blindness."  Fitzgeralds life was both of these themes.

Step 1. Go to Google
Step 2. Search this key : dixvi share all porn premium accounts
Step 3. Enjoy!

WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW

I know! Right there on page 43, 'the rocking thumps and heavenly screeching were music to Gatsby's ears'. I studied TGG for world literature xD

Looks like crap.

gatsby and skrillex are pals. Roll doobies together whilst they watch daisy rack city. 

this looks awesome. loved the book and this looks epic.

Yep! I agree! Fuck this stupid movie.

Who ever put autotune in the the beginning needs to be fire.

I agree 100 %

If you want to use modern music, set the story in modern times. Why in the world would you make a movie about the 1920's, and use music that is from 2012? WTF?

Jack White- Love is Blindness

i saw the original one with robert redford and it was good so i hope this new version is good as well, but yet again leo dies at the end of another movie, when will he ever survive one again

First of all, I read an article on how they say that this trailer could represent what is in the movie, or it may not represent what is in the movie (When it comes to music)

Only an idiot would have to think that the music in the trailer won't be used in the movie, because all you gotta do is watch the body language of the people in the film while dancing and moving to the music. People in the 20's did not move like that to Jazz. I find that they are using hip hop in a 20's movie

What did they do to the New York Skyline?...

whats the name of the song....? i cant seem to remember the name


@colklink58 thanks, I read the book in school- really enjoyed it!

It's not sad at all, young lad. Simply means you see film with actual substance and meaning. Sorry about the lad remark. I'm only 26. And if you haven't read the book, I highly recommend it.

Lol I had to read the book for a report in school now I WANT to see the movie

Yeah, because this is Baz Luhrmann, and he's awesome.

I think that's Mark Roland actually... playing a piano xD

@Laneybosh I feel you bro

I feel that he would be Perfect for this role ... his acting in Inception shows that he is good at portraying roles of people with dark pasts. This is just what i think :)

The 1922 version of Skrillex lmao

Is it sad that I'm a teenage guy and I'm more excited for this than any of the big comic book flicks this year?

Its been a while since ive seen a classic book turned movie. Ill give it a shot (:

This looks good. This looks really good! I seen the first movie and read the book, cant wait for this!!

my fav part what the crazy old gas station guy who thinks his wife is cheating with gatsby. LAWL. then that the old guy does is hilarious! im just evil

looks GREAT except for ...uh jayz and kanye track?? really now 

Hello a stupid person! Nice to see you! 

He dies in the end

How is that contradictory? Robert DeNiro is a great actor, yet we all know he wouldn't be able to play a child very well. Your logic is flawed. No matter how good an actor you are... You can't fit every role. The best thing about Gatsby was that we knew so little about him, he was so ambiguous. Everybody knows DiCaprio and he is a far too trivial actor to fit this brooding, complex and subterfuge role. That's just my opinion... But please do look up the meaning of contradict next time.

This guy is really desperate for an Oscar! He Deserves it!


Because It's a Baz Luhrmann movie, that's what. Did you see his Romeo and Juliette? If not, then you wouldn't understand....

@sunidak

Well hopefully it doesn't have the music from the preview... That'd be weird.

Whutttt??? It looks Brilliant!! Can't wait to see it. You're just jealous...etc. Exactly as the Twenties would have been!

I think this is gonna be veryyyyy different than the book. but it looks great still

you are CRAZY!  Baz Lurman is an amazing director with a vision that more of Hollywood needs.... 

Recently read the book. It was amazing... Then I watched the original movie. It was very close to the book, and I loved it...

Then I saw this trailer... This looks so stupid!

cannot wait for this movie to come out


I am so excited.

Book seems way better

You looked up what country i'm from and your original comment was removed, pretty sure the only baby here is you. And no i mean grammar, as in sentence structure. You spelled everything correctly. 

And cancer isn't a joke, grow up.

not sure how I ended up here but can
someone please, please help? my
roommate and I have been
documenting our own experiences
(through our vids) and
we are freaked out. how do we make
this stop? It's no joke when its
happening to you. any advice would be
much appreciated. we've got in contact
with the local priest but he seems
sceptical and refuses to visit our place?
wtf!?

What song plays in the first 40 seconds of the movie?

FRANK OCEAN, YES <3

Why are they using a hip hop track in the previews? WTF!

Well I can tell you one thing for sure: this is gonna be a hell of a lot better than the movie from the 1970's

my uncle crapped his pants on the set of this movie but remained strong and continued doing his role

ah i adored the book so im excited


3D really?

Why would u want to see shit in 3d? It still remains shit..

multidimensional fail


Its a f*cking blowup zebra....i was able to figure that out within 3 seconds. 

Tobey don't need no spiderman movie

Yeah, I def agree with you. DiCaprio was not meant for this role. 

An abomination, Hollywood certainly know how to ruin a good story.  

I think DiCaprio is perfect for the role - exactly how I imagined him in the book! He seems to be pretty capable of showing Gatsby's flamboyant, extrovert personality and playing that with the subtle undertones of fraudulence. I wouldn't really describe Gatsby's character as dark - he's a bootlegger, but not really evil.

I most definitely am. I wish I had seen the original movie that came out in the 50s, I think, but as long as it remains similar to the book, I'll be happy.

We don't need an English essay bro.
It's the movie that should be in question.
DiCaprio is completely wrong for this role; granted, he is a fantastic actor, but he's not subtle or dark enough to match the tricky character of Gatsby. 

Spoilers Gatsby dies. 

this looks very promissing


Robert Redford already did a remake. Check it out. It's pretty good. 

The whole point of him not getting involved is to show him as an outsider, someone to whom this extravagant, rich world is totally foreign and a place in which he does not belong. It also highlights the fact that in this world all power comes from wealth and so Nick is left powerless.
I LOVE Fitzgerald's writing style, with his use of the scenic method to paint beautifully detailed settings and every character he introduces reveals another wonderfully intricate detail in the story.

wait, is there another Gatsby movie that's a classic, or do you mean why do they keep adapting books?

3D ... really?!?

i love it how i can point out bits from this trailer from the book

what's the second song?? it sounds wicked familiar. 

No Church In The Wild - Jay Z ft, Kanye

What did you expect from Baz Lurhman? It's Lurhman-esque.

Doesn't look even remotely like I had imagined the book though. I mean, the cast is well chosen and all, but the atmosphere, the music, the action sequences...Not really "Fitzgerald-esque" :|

I really hope the contemporary music doesn't make it into the actual movie. It won't feel like a period piece if the music isn't even from the period... 

enough with antique parts Leo!


i was expecting some hair wax ... lol but it's good

name of the first song?


stupid. why do they feel the need to keep remaking movies that are already classics??

Well it doesn't look like a real zebra - but I see your point. To me it looks more like an LMFAO party - they always have these plastic ...things... lol

wow, the music they chose for the opening part of the trailer.....is crappy auto tuned rap?! yeah, THAT sure reflects the 1920's!! DOn't fuck this up Luhrmann

I did the same thing.I actually enjoyed the movie.

THUMB UP IF YOU READ THIS BOOK IN SCHOOL 
 AND CLICK MY PAGE [DMAN12000 ] IM A COMEDIAN/STUNTMan/Rapper ???????????????
???????????????
???????????????
???????????????
???????????????
???????????????
?????????...


But not as wack as your comment.

because it's a crazy party! XD I wouldn't be surprised if there had been at least one party with a zebra in the pool during those days. They shipped them in from africa, and didn't yet have the ethics or morality to give them enough space in a zoo--why not sell one to a rich man?

I'm surprised. I was hoping they would go for a move surreal interpretation than a stoic classic one. I have better hopes, let's see how it goes!

WHERE IS FUCKIN VINNIE CHASE

yep !


I agree, and carey mulligan is a british actress, shes Daisy and shes absolutely fantastic, one the greatest actresses of the time.

A reminder of why this book was wack.

It's no surprise, Hollywood has been making movies off classic books for all this time. Dunno how good this will be compare to the 1974 version.

Remember reading this in school

0:18 why is there a f*cking zebra in the pool??

1.Go to the app store
2.Download app trailers
3.Enter bonus code "Disentra"
(without the quotes)
4.Earn 3 free iTunes gift cards and 2 Xbox live gift cards

Have fun

failed so many exams because i was too damn lazy to read the book, i guess this will give me a chance to let me finally get the story

For once I appreciated my English teacher for making us read this book....aww High School, already brings back memories and this was only last year

Gatsby was one of the best books we read in school - but To Kill A Mockingbird is still my personal favorite ... :D

Peter Parker ftw! lol

the only  only book i read in high school .. cant wait til this comes out !

Just gave my literature o level exam 10 days ago. cant wait to relive the class 11 lit class experience. i honestly never imagined it to be this awesome and dramatic in my mind when i read the book, just hope its as good as the trailer suggests

In our class, we read the book and watched the original movie with robert redford. 

What style of filiming do you call this? Is it like a kind of grandiose cgi, or? 
I'm sure it's because they're taking place around similar time periods, but some of the shots remind me of NYC's look in Peter Jackson's version of King Kong. (i.e. Trailer @ 0:15, 1:12, 1:42, 1:52, 2:09). Just the overall look of it, really. 

Excuse me while I go read the Book again

add

Peter Parker?

omg i cant wait for the movie to come out!! this is gonna be a legend :D

am i the only one who thinks of the gatsby hairstyling wax when they say gatsby

@PROxgamingonxbox You have clearly never read the book

nope! :)

whats with the trailer narrator he sucks! its the same voice as J.Edgar he is a joke sounds like a 14 yr boy

Frank Ocean and The Great Gatsby?! so sick

Yes.

So who else is here because they read the book in school ?

If only this movie came out now. I have to read this book for school

The song is called "Love is Blindness" and was originally made by U2, but this is the cover from Jack White.

I read this book in my english class this year...

Download "Apptrailer" from the AppStore now! If you enter the code rean247, it gives you $10 directly to your itunes! No joke! and it gives you $.50 per app you review!(there's a limit per day of coarse) example: You earn $.50 for reviewing Angrybirds, TempleRun, DrawMyThing, or DoodleJump.
Don't believe me? Just try it. It doesn't hurt to try. And you'll be so happy you did!!! :D Remember code: rean247

and here comes the old sport

Ruining the American classic again are we hollywood? sigh. .

Definitely I want to see this movie 

Oh Leo, I'm so glad your face isn't a complete square anymore!

Peter Parker :D

Actually, it is a perfectly fine comparison, if you consider that fact that most people who contribute their lives to American literature are fans of the book.  For them the results are plain to see and can't be disputed.  Also, concerning Nick, you are missing the point of his character:  He is suppose to be the "straight man", 2-D and colorless, to show how outrageous and odd the others are.


It's really sad that most of the people on here commenting cannot appreciate Tobey Maguire for more than just Spiderman. He's naturally humble and sweet which makes him PERFECT for this role. DiCaprio makes for a sexy, sophistocated character once again. I'm not familiar with the actress for Daisy but she certainly looks the part. The casting here is BRILLIANT, are you people crazy???

I wanna watch this so I can compare it to the old version that I had to watch in my English class. :)

They already made an old version of the film,right?

Jordan is a horrible comparison because his results are plain to see and can't be disputed. Now if we were to compare the literary success of Fitzgerald to the industry success of Justin Bieber. We'd see many comparable instances. Mostly because both of their stuff has been shoved down peoples throats as being some act of god until people come to accept it as such. I've seen too many of my friends who hated the book get told it was good until they forcibly had to change their opinion.

Okay, it is one thing to not like the book...that's fine.  However, the literary history of America has shown Fitzgerald to be an amazing author.  Saying he is terrible is like saying Jordan was a bad basketball player because you personally did not like his form.  

Oh dear. How very unfortunate for me.

I am completely calm. Don't know what you are talking about.

Calm down.

No Church in the Wild by Jay Z and Kanye West

I completely agree. I'm still gonna see the fuck outta this.

i hope they've stayed true to the book, though it doesn't seem that way :\

i would actually watch this in english

this looks like shit

Indeed, but that doesn't excuse the shitty source material. It's sad that Hollywood will under budget ideas with actual potential to be good so often.

I didn't know Spiderman appears on Great Gatsby.

Yeah, thats what the Novel was SUPPOSED to do. But F. Scott Fitzgerald couldn't help but be a terrible writer and do all the things that I mentioned in my previous comment.

And don't even TRY to defend Nick's role, he was a colossal douche who just sat on the sidelines as his "friends" (cause he certainly didn't treat them like such) tear each other apart.

If I wanted to read a book as an observer than the story should've been done in the third person.

What?! The Great Gatsby is a brilliant story, showing the sheer destructive power of unattainable and unrealistic dreams and the inevitable downfall brought about by trying to cling onto the past in an ever-changing, rapidly progressing world. Nick's role in the novel is to be an observer, as the reader is, yet his unreliability as a narrator reflects the damning superficiality in the nature of the novel's world, the total effect of which is to provide a stunning social critique of 1920s America

The movie looks incredible though. I hated the book, this just looks visually stunning.

song name from the begining ?

Sadly, it might.

Where is mr.bigb :(

Learn what? Do you think the film will not make a profit? 

That face totally sucks!

That face totally sucks!

@Josabeech I know what u did there.

No seriously, the Great Gatsby is a disgrace to classic american literature. There were a fuckton of characters that were introduced by had no significant role, Nick was the world's biggest bystander and a total prick and it amazes me why the fuck anyone would write a story from his lame perspective (the book might've been decent from Gatsby's) and the plot was as anticlimactic as other horrible books like Things Fall Apart. Don't try to defend this crap, please.

wonder if Nick will say the she talke like money


omfg, why did they make this into a movie...

0:09 New York 1922? Are you sure?

OH BOY! A MOVIE ABOUT ONE OF THE BIGGEST SCARS ON AMERICAN LITERATURE!!! 

Fuck when will Hollywood learn...

So, pray tell, what is your example of a book that is not "boring and overrated"? 

Leo is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute.


very nice trailer i hope it will be nice movie...i will see this movie on my youtube channel (hollywoodmoviezdotcom) .....it is full HD.............!

ok for those people who are saying the song is bad. The first one is...kinda, because it doesnt really fit but love is blindless by Jack White is amazing. It fits, it works and i cant get it out of my head!! 

Tis a troll in our midst...

A lot Of bad acting.

you are a cunt

wht soundtrack guyz

amitabh bachan is looking young..

Sexy

Zebra in the pool at 0:18???????

Who the hell picked the song for the trailer?!

Eh. Couldn't even finish the book in highschool! Plus: why does he ONLY do period films... he does know its the 21st century, right?!

I'll be as delicate as possible considering what you've just said. If you honestly think that then you're a fucking moron.

eal d3!

@jordanredd100 No church in the wild- kanye west & Jay z

"No Church in the Wild" by Jay-Z & Kanye West ft. Frank Ocean


thanks

Church in the wild - kanye and jay z , something like that anyway

lmfao, the wikipedia page for this movie says that martin brodeur plays every part

Are you fucking kidding me? Seriously, is there in any way, in any possible universe and dimension, that this comment and your thinking is actually really?

What in the fuck?

0:23 = 1920s Skrillex


Buddha Hoga Tera Baap!!

aww man, I thought Brad Pitt looked more like Robert...

Why doesn't spiderman just shot web?

Of course I know how it's filmed, but they will inevitably be trying to use depth on screen more than they would if it were filmed in 2D. You seem to think they just design the film exactly as they would a 2D one. That's just plain wrong, the mise-en-scene for a 3D film will be different to how it would have been if it were filmed in 2D(or why bother?).
It ends up giving the 2D version a weird, slightly out of focus, somethings-wrong-but-I-can't-tell-what, look.

Amitabh Bachan

Well this looks like a winner.... Not!!

Why is a drama movie GOING TO BE IN 3D!!!

Okay, this looks... AWESOME. I love the attention to style and beauty and the darkness of it all... also, the music sounds perfect for all the scenes! And man, its LEONARDO freakin' DICAPRIO!!! <3 He never disappoints!!! And Carey Mulligan is a wonderful and very pretty actress who I think is just gonna play Daisy perfectly! And yes, I am happy to see Tobey Maguire =D This looks amazing!

Spoiler warning?


How many times does Leo have to die?

Toby McGuire is going to be a great nick

Why

which is the first song?


"It makes me sad because I've never seen such a beautiful movie trailer before"

You are the worst kind of person.

Thank you for that.
That was really wrong and obnoxious to some of us.
That just wasn't right.

they used the word cool back then ?

I honestly admit I really like how they adapted the novel into the old movie. It focused more on the silent moments of the novel, not being so loud your eardrums burst. I think this one, to me, is weak as it focuses more on style, instead of content I feel.

yeah no shit, but have you seen the old movie? its as good.

dont ever copy "GATSBY"!!
its a product from japan styling
and ITS MINE

Alright, in all seriousness, the book WAS and IS better.

gatsby dies at the end. WOOPS SPOILERS LOL

Wow... Looks dissappointing

thumbs up if you think these guys are lucky to have amitabh bachan in their movie!

It's missing Vincent chase

One more thing: one of the things that is so great about Nick's narration is its understatedness. The opening sequence of this trailer looks a bit explicit: let the pictures do the talking.

I will watch this!!!

As someone has already said, this is certainly going to look fantastic. I just hope this doesn't lose any of the incredible power of the novel (which is one of the greatest things ever written) to cater to Hollywood's needs. I think Di Caprio is a fine choice as Gatsby, and Carey Mulligan will make a great Daisy. Not sure about Maguire as Nick, but he was always going to be the hardest to cast. Can't wait anyway.

@Vinceroque and you can sarcastically reply to YouTube comments. Pat yourself on the back. It was for school you douhebag

How can a film be not good when its soundtrack made by Jack fuckin' White!

I don't like Dicaprio as Gatsby...

S1)  Go to Google
S2)  Search this key:  dixvi share all porn premium accounts
S3)  Enjoy!

Her husband can't seem to hold onto any amount of money; he either spends it or loses it. A fool and his money are easily parted

I don't understand

In our English AS level studies we read the book and watched the film, upon hearing there was a remake we made a promise all of us to se it together- this looks fab and I can't wait to see my old mates back from Uni :D

And we wrote an essay on this shit 3 pages long

Lol everyone red this book in highschool, we are reading it in school

It's time we get some "gonnection"

@Bexsomb Dope Zebra!

Why does he say the parties were bigger like such a dumbass

I just wrote a seven page essay on this

you had a shit lit teacher

Check out my videos

The book was a profound look into the hollowness of wealth and the torment that love can cause. I think this film is going to cater to an audience who have hardly read a book in their life, but we'll see.

There is a zebra..... in the pool...... 00:18

if its anything like the book its gonna be boring as fuck

The fuq is this shit? What's the plot?

SO READY FOR THIS TO COME OUT
I was one of the only ppl who loved the book in school, I hope they stick to the book


It's not so much that I think this movie looks like crap (which it does) but I'm shocked at how many people are proudly trumpeting "Well I didn't understanding the book, but this looks really colorful!  Seven thumbs up!"  If those same people think they're going to get anything deeper out of the film version than "Boy, that Kanye song was good!," they're probably wrong

great movie i have  full hd movie on my channel.....you can also visit on hollywoodmoviesdot(com) have enjoy.........

I totally agree the book was trully hard for me to understand aswell as being boring!
Though I'm glad it was made into a movie!! Leonardos been my fav actor!!! Always I wanna become like him as an actor(:

Except that he would look liek a fag

This looks too modern if it is actually based on the book not like that lame retelling of Romeo and Juliet the same director of this made!!!

Perfect casting

Then you be the change you want to see. Start dressing that way. You can still dress in suits and hats

Holy shit, this is going to be orgasmic to look at.

huh...DiCaprio looks more like Li´l Stagboy .

Fuck I love Bolto.

Leo will never lose his charm! 

This looks amazing, reminds me of Moulin Rouge, which is one of my favorite movies <3

I've never read the book. This made absolutely no sense, but definitely makes me want to.

Oh my god it's Amitabh Bachchan!!!!!

Hated having to read that book in high school the old school movie for it wasn't bad though.

CHRISTMAS??!! are you trying to kill me? 

amitabh bachan rocks....


this looks like the true story in shutter island lol:))

funny part is im reading this book in my english class and i just finish doing an essay for...hate the book...so am i seeing the movie...eh why not

Is Carey Mulligan's weird vagina going to be in this movie?

Completely agree. Those 20s suits and hats, especially the more gangster-looking ones, are among the greatest forms of fashion in human history. Just the perfect mix of class and cool. We need to bring them back, them and samurai armor. 

Unpopular opinion: I actually like the music in this. It may not be from the era or literal to the theme of the book, but it somehow just fits. Who hasn't heard Jay -Z & Kanye played at a party before? The Jack White song is perfect. 

The person who chose the songs for this trailer should be fired.

out of curiosity what grade level are you?

This chrtistmas.. Bitch please Im gonna be watching the hobbit


I smell OSCAR

dafaq did I just watch..

loool!

same music from that Denzel film with Deadpool

Where the fuck is vincent chase?

It's clearly that Leonardo is still in limbo... And Wthells is Peter Parker doing in this drama movie?

Lots of retards here. Thumbs up for nothing

Leonardo is the most incredible actor, I hope he wins an oscar for this.
2:01 <3

What's up with the music. Doesn't fit. Hope this kind of music will only be in the trailer and not the film D:
Wonder how close the story will be to the book.

must check out!

I think Leo DiCaprio was a bad choice for this... he always acts the same in every movie and to me he just doesn't fit the persona of Gatsby... Otherwise it looks fantastic, great casting with Toby McGuire.

won't beat the original, but still awesome! 


I LOVE LEONARDO DICAPRIO SO MUCH! <3<3<3

whats with bacchans accent

WHERES VINNY CHASE?!

What is this garbage?

why 3D?

You Can't Relive The Past ....Old Money/New Money

Thanks eMp1rsTaT3Ha0s I thought that really wouldnt work but it did thanks man

I think Love is Blindness fits quite well actually. Breaks my heart every time I watch it.

I DON`T GET IT...

the original was cool, i would also like to see a mcbeth movie remade.

This movie trailer was by far more interesting/exciting  than the entire book.

aaah i see, i just hope a fresh new soundtrack can be made for this within the movie.

Definetly going to see this :P

I'm glad I got done reading the book in my American Lit class. Going to remember what I have learned just for this movie and the knowledge will stick for me forever hopefully.

Wait?... I thought Vincent Chase already did this movie...

Things that don't need to be in 3D -__-

The Great Penis

Well it's directed by the guy who did Romeo + Juliet. Of course it's gonna have a goofy modern twist on it.

most underwhelming trailer for a DiCaprio movie .... 

0:30 how did they get molly ringwald out of the eighties?

Yes, I agree. Oh well...the movie still looks good at least.

Mr Wilson probably, the one who owns a gas station in the Valley of Ashes

So.... What's it about?

The Aviator 2: If Leo Played a Different 20s Era Character From Last Time.

I completely agree - although I feel that it's more the casting. I don't think he's right for the part. 

I feel like Toby's acting seems a little off, maybe or is it just me?

i was expecting some classic jazz or something in that nature to fit this trailer ,but i hope the movie itself does not inlude kanyes garbage on what appears to be a good flick.

not quite what i expected, but looks pretty good so far :)

oh i found it, it's 'Jack White - Love is blindness'

thanks :D

Who's that at 2:08

ahhahahah amitabh bachan, n fuck u if u didnt read this book, dumbasses

Gay and gay and fake !

is short no one gives a shit.

very funny

Hello Mr. Bacchan, finally rapped your self with some serious entertainer Leonardo.. not seeing much of him, seriously hoping he didn't do what that STUPID Anil did in last Mission Impossible, coming out looking so IDIOT!! All dem desi's going to watching you for sure, so very Good Luck and yes indeed very excited to see you on the other side of the World.. Punjabi Love!!

Are you serious? it's 10am in central Europe and probably mid-day somewhere in Asia. World's spinning, you know ;)

I thought martin scorsese directed this, and isn't vincent chase supposed to star in it?

The music doesn't reflect the period at all, it's kind of jarring.

what fucked up country did you come from?........i hope you get cancer? americunts? hahahahahah do more please you amuse me.

WTF, Mr. Amitab Bacchan with Leonardo I seriously hope he's not planning on doing what Anil did in the Last Mission Impossible, coming out looking so STUPID!!! Leonardo movies are always worth a watch, but Mr. Bacchan I hope you know what you did here cause all them
DESI'S are going to VERY DISAPPOINTED... so Good Luck! and look forward to watching you on this side of the WORLD!!! yes idiots im desi too, in short Punjabi!

either they're trolling, or if this person is under the age of 16 they probably have no idea for obvious reasons. chill.

It has Leonardo Di Caprio....how can it go wrong? 

Jordan looks perfect! Who is that chick? Everything about this looks amazing!!

people still posting.... late as hell. or rather early

I like the artistic direction for this movie. I never imagined the parties to be that elaborate as I read the book.

I'd go to this movie for U2

Baz Luhrmann at his finest once again. Truly looks like a fantastic film, well directed, well acted and well interpreted. A wonderful representation and portrayal of a fabulous book which shall enlighten the english language for many years to come. Can't wait to see it!!  

For goodness sake, it's apart of the novel, it is the final paragraph of the book. Please, just read the book, you look foolish. 

The green represented Gatsby's endless capacity to hope and to dream, even though his ideal was unattainable. 

Amitab bacchan :D
The Bollywood actor is in it!!
Wow!
...and den...CHRISTMAS!! so late?

It's amazing to see how dumb so many people are. First of all, someone comparing Twilight to The Great Gatsby? Wow...shameful. I've read the book, I enjoyed it and I know what's supposed to happen. But obviously some people haven't read the book so you guys are spoiling it for them as well :/

and thank god for that

Wha, wha, wha. Go bitch to someone who cares, Americunt. Grammar? Don't you mean spelling? Fucking retard. English is my 4th language and I still speak it better than you. Lol, pathetic. I hope you get cancer.

I'm not sold...the music is putting me off. They should have had an original score playing instead modern music. 

Incredible symbolic meaning? The only green light I know that has symbolic meaning is the Green Lantern's light.

Looks like Baz is gonna do it again, another great movie

I have no idea what you just said... :P

My favorite book of all time!!

That's how you make a trailer

What is the first song that plays in the background

The Twilight Series is cliched vampire series, one of the worst...

its the entire point of the book...
Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning—
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

Gatsby gets shot!!! At the end

Congratulations, you spoiled a book that everyone read in high school.

except for maybe you judging by your grammar. 

after the girl says i wish id done everything with you and it shows Gatsby sitting down or whatever in the background is a green light that has incredible symbolic meaning in the book

Wait, this movie was a book? Like Harry Potter or the Hunger Games?

HOLY WOW!


And that's why you never bang a mechanics wife.

Gatsby didn't get hit by the car. He got shot

Why are they freaking out? Did you really think people on the internet weren't going to complain and dissect a 2:30 trailer, declare every actor a miscast and arrive at the conclusion that the movie sucks before it has come out? Keep dreaming.

They better have the ending with Gatsby getting hit by the car or else! And dies too of course....

I wonder why they call it Zeigfeld Follies.....

DID YOU SERIOUSLY JUST ASK WHAT BOOK?

geez what is wrong with society...

the big deal is for Great Gatsby book lovers...the green light is a big deal dude.

The big deal is that it is the single most important symbol in the entire novel. Surely you've read it?

It's like a antisocial novel. Why do so many people talk about this as a masterpiece? I've never read it. Just wonder.

A little death
Without mourning
No call
And no warning

The song's just...

Never mind, I saw it, it's at 2:17, but it's just a tiny dot, what's the big deal anyway. :P

real 3D, not shitty 3D. 

im liking 7 

i hate leonardo dicaprio! fuuucckkk gonna be shit now 

What book? All I'm asking, is where in the trailer is this green light? Is it like the Green Lantern?

@Datruth Hurts TROLLOLOLOL

Hahaha!amitabh bachchan looks like a useless freak in this dumb ass movie,that shows even the most powerful man of bollywood is nothing compared to Hollywood

pretty sure the great gatsby is one of the most successful books of all time and that Scott Fitzgerald is a genius.......

read the last paragraph of the book


spoiler he dies owl eyes came to funeral

Great Gatspy is one of the greatest american literary achievements of all time, and most everyone with a 10th grade education has read it.  The significance of the book must be taken into effect, and the appeal will be lost if the movie does not target those who have read the book.  IE: Every single educated american

oh sweet joy! Another remake and from the director of garbage like moulin rouge and australia.

So when is Medellín coming out?

Really, are you kidding me? Why does this film need 3D?

@r0xxan3 *actually

At first I was upset when I heard that the least subtle man in Hollywood was directing this one. Then I remembered that this was the most overrated "classic" novel of all time, and remembered that I didn't care.

quit the bitching about book differences, it's a movie! I'm hoping it won't disappoint but none of us will know untill we act alpy see the film.

This is not at all how I pictured this. My imagination has been assaulted. 

Where's the green light? I can't see. :|

It's called "Anachronism". Many films do it. Clearly you haven't seen the opening scene  in "A Knight's Tale"?

the actress for jordan is my mums boss's daughter :D

You've obviously never read the book. It's one of the greatest pieces of literature, a beautifully complex novel that conveys the corruption of the American dream. 

You should read it :)

I like the new Sound when you thumbs up a comment !!!

any thing  Leonardo DiCaprio makes is great looking forward  to it 

I think the point is to use a CURRENT cue, and all of its associations, so that a person now could imagine what the mood was like in the past. They're saying - hey, you know what you feel when you hear this song? That's what they were feeling. So once you've made that connection, then they put you into it and everything is more appropriate. Maybe you and I can readily imagine what it could have been like, but that's not the case with the general population. So it needs to appeal to that.

You can really see the Moulin Rogue influence...which isn't a good thing for such an amazing book. I feel like this movie could slaughter it sadly.

wasnt this an old novel back in the 1920's era

Leo fits Gatsby and Toby fits Nick.

Love is blindness,
I don't wanna see
Won't you wrap the night
Around me
Oh, my heart
Love is blindness

huh?

Just like Moulin Rouge this movie is going to be a candy store for the senses.   Looks really beautiful.

Commercial was amazing til 00:45 then it was ok. + Leo's hair looks awesome

I never go to movies but I been waiting forever got this one. Leo is the perfect gatsby!

Why is everyone freaking out? This is a Baz Luhrmann movie! Of course, it's going to fantastical and unrealistic.

Whoa, where's Vinny Chase??

Yes ... at one point, Daisy says to her little daughter that "the best thing a woman can be is a beautiful little idiot" (my paraphrase). Given that her hold over Jay and her husband owes to her being mainly a beautiful, docile, compliant image, object, Daisy here reveals her bitter rue at this limitation. And her observation and experience that (as a later sage once quipped, of men re women), "Women know that men see better than they think." 

Thanks mate.

This movie will be great because it is so visual.  The original film didn't have the emotion that the book carried in the visual.  It didn't draw you into who Gatsby was, what his world was, like this film will do.  I anticipate an incredible film.

Looks about as interesting as the book, Boring!

If the novel's going to have a dry character be the narrator- that's a challenge that the writer simply has to meet. John Gardener wrote as "Grendel", so that was very challenging but he pulled it off magnificently. I think its sort of a cop out to say that the prose had to be dry because the narrator was reserved as a character.

Leo? Pffft. This is Vincent Chase's film!

F. Scott Fitzgerald and Kanye West walk into a bar...

Interesting...the original movie and book are better ...

I heard of this coming out from my english teacher

Oh, it will be good. But, you must read the book first if you have not already done so. 

The reason why this trailer is great? Look at the final shot in high quality. You can see the Green Light across the bay. 

Modernized twists on classics (such as West Side Story, an earlier Broadway and film reset--to 1950's NY--of the Romeo & Juliet story) are meant to show modern audiences (who might not otherwise get it) the relevance of the classic story to themselves, its universality.

dont know if i will like this movie.. not really into drama movies.

Motha fkin bitches thank your god that LD is the actor in this movie soo stop bitchin

Old sport

As usual dicaprio looks awesome and the trailer is overwhelming too !

I can't stop thinking about spiderman ! lol

Does the Great Gatsby really need a 3-D rendition?

OMG! DOES ANYONE NEED MONEY?This is a way to get money ,I MADE $50 in 2 days!!!! 1.DOWNLOAD app trailers from app store or android market (android store)  2.GO to settings on bottom then you'll see a star that says BONUS CODE next to it....press it  3.THEN put the code :   wantme 4.THEN you'll get stared with$20 (29k points ) P.S. I luv to help ya

Yaawwwn.

I don't care what they do, they can never make the book to movie adaptation of the Great Gatsby interesting because the book was boring as hell.

Why couldn't it have been the Catcher In The Rye instead?

Why is Peter Parker in this movie?

Looms like dicrapio's ego trip (at firt I didn't mean to type it that way but it was funny so I left it)

lol. I can see how you have this opinion

It's an Art Deco font ... Google shows many varieties. For example, "Parisian." Began in Paris in the '20s as a post-WW1 more modern, streamlined, geometric, machine-like reaction to the prior more natural, fanciful, plant-like, sentimental Art Nouveau > 1880's.

I am pretty sure there wasn't any Auto-Tune in the 1922. The track from the beginning doesn't go with the movie.

I am pretty sure that this music is not going to be in the movie. 

When I look at that opening landscape shot all I see is Sydney Harbour...

I am pretty sure there wasn't Auto-Tune in 1922

Amitabh Bachchan


Why can't the book be this badass! X(;

You missed out the avengers

sorry but the original version sucked. This looks lively and in my opinion, will not drag on. 

Carey is PRETTY. Specially in the Wall Street movie and Drive. I think she just looks different because of her hair wig. lol

Fits Gatsby's profile as a badass in my opinion.

I love the book and the '74 movie.  This new version looks so wrong.  I think the women here look too modernday, as if they're only in a costume party.  Same with the way they speak.  None of them look or sound like money as in high class WASP, pure-bred and snotty.  This movie is also clearly not a straightforward adaptation.  It's more surreal, like a drug-induced version of the '74 movie, not the book.  It's as if Baz got scared of the material and made a copout version instead.

Jack Dawson survived Titanic as long as the diamond he took from Rose and became rich.

Ehh, it actually does catch the mood and the atmosphere of the novel. Take the middle of the trailer around 0:50 seconds in, or what about how everything reflected the Gilded Age? And the story in my opinion is not a sad one at least not until you get near the ending. And at least in contrast to the original one made by Robert Redford, it looks allright.


The blindness song is like the most badass and perfect song for this trailer. haha 

Baz, Leo, Toby.... pass.

Likely a trophy from a Gatsby past safari. Role model, Theodore Roosevelt, prototypical big game hunter.

it looks okay as a movie but doesn't seem to catch the mood and atmosphere of the novel, kinda dissapointed

No, but majored in English and American literature. Love analyzing it, and culture generally. Enjoy films of fiction (the more the merrier). The 1974 film of TGG was stupendous, but this 2012 looks like a great alternative remake. 

the last great gatsby film was sleep inducing boring

I think i saw Big B in the promos!

HAHAHHAHaha :)

Spider man?

lol this trailer makes me wish i was born in the 20's.the style,the parties,the music,the money,the way america/the world ran wild with new ideas that would later bring them down(the great depression) or make them better.this movie is a pure testament to this time.and i can't wait to see it. 

Now, I hope that the scenes in the movie are accurate to the time period. If this does not happen I will be very disappointed. 

Your point is invalidated by the simple fact that its a trailer. It's supposed to generate interest in the film in terms of popular support. Secondly, music can be interpreted in a lot of ways, and the music definitely fits the feel of the roaring twenties; how everything was, well - Gilded and somewhat fake. Kind of fits when you think about it. And most music nowadays that's well known is autotuned; there are only a few artists out there that use their real voice; I've gotten used to it. 

entourage -3

Just finished reading the book in my 11th grade English class, and I'm SO STOKED.

Amitabh Bachchan!!!!!

Read the book in my English class a few weeks ago. Wasn't all that interested when I started it, but it kept me reading as I continued. Although I already know how the story goes, I'm still gonna see this.

Nnnoppppe

The dry style was right for the narrator Nick--a detached, prim, reserved, somewhat shy outsider from the Midwest; new to New Yorkers, Wall Street bond trading, and these New Yorkers' more libertine personal mores and party styles.He was a distant, only modestly monied cousin of Daisy.Actually, Nick's narration was meant to be a post-tragedy (post-traumatic experience) redistanced (he'd literally returned to the Midwest) reconstruction in tranquillity of his summer in the East w/the amoral rich.

Theres just as much oppression in Africa, but want to know the interesting thing, Africans oppress Africans. Its human nature, inherent in all races.

we need vincent chase to be the lead otherwise we riot

Will they finally just give him an Oscar already!?!? Lol

??????????

Great novel to make a movie from. Worst choice for a director.

What were the titles of the song?+


i have this book but never read it....looking forward for the movie tho

Good catch (I saw that too)! Otherwise, great sets of 1920's NYC scenes.

are you an English teacher?

at 0:18 the guy in middle is doing the shuffle

holy shit your right!

The song in this trailer "Love is Blindness" is cover of a U2 song sung by Jack White.

is that...Toby Maquire???? O.O I just watched Spiderman today LOL and as soon as the narrator started speaking for this trailer i though, "Gee, that voice sounds really familiar..." LOL

No, no Paris Hilton: Gatsby was an American rags to riches story. He fought in WW1. He strove for perfection of himself and his entire landscape. He was an heroic aspirer and striver, a romantic idealist ... yet he deployed some low means (as did other robber barons and early twentieth century counterparts). Fitzgerald's writing style was apt to his narrator Nick, in this Gold Coast society a more prim outsider from the Midwest, a beginner Wall Street bond trader, a stranger in a strange land.

They didn't dance like that during that period.

Another classic comes to the silver screen , great noes

at the end gatsby dies in his pool... wilson shoots him and the he shoots himself

This movie is going to suck

@1:42--Ziegfeld is misspelled.

So retarded

The style was very dry. It made the romance and the partying seem as if it were an intellectual and technical exercise. In the end the result was something very correct and average sounding. The style needed to be more than that, in my opinion, to make up for a plot that was basically a look into the life of The Original Paris Hilton.

Love Baz Luhrmann, I am so stoked for this.


have you ever read the book?

did anyone else notice owl eyes? 


It appears as tough they're going to butcher a classic! Shameful!


Too, Fitzgerald's gift of great envisioning, meditation, and historical capture and interpretation is embodied in Nick's closing zoom-out reflection that, since the first Dutchman spied this breathtaking coast of a new America, Gatsby's gleaming gleanings of said coast (beaconed by the green light at Daisy's dock) were perhaps the last time that man found something commensurate with his capacity to wonder.  

Ralph Ellison's novel too is great, but reflects a different topos and sensibility.

Probably my favorite book ever. I don't know about this movie though. Does everything really have to be redone in a modern way? 

Did you actually read the book, or just skim it? if anyone in the book was famous for being famous it would be Tom or Nick, Gatsby started off as a poor son of farmers and built his wealth by himself, while all Nick and Tom had to do to get their money was to be born into their families, yes, just like Paris Hilton, she didn't do anything for her wealth, but Gatsby did everything not only for his wealth, but for Daisy

Looks like they are running out of ideas. It's sad really.

Not immortal lines such as, the novel narrator Nick's later, "I wanted the world to stand at moral attention." And the last sentence of TGG (a perfect iambic pentameter couplet), "And so we beat on, boats against the current; borne back ceaselessly into the past." 

Baz Lurhman is a fantastic story teller, looking forward to it. :)

Well, the score for the movie is obviously going to be very different from the trailer. But, I thought the music choice for the trailer was good especially with 'love is blindness' because the message of that song ties in pretty closely with some of the themes of the book. It's a different style, true, but that's kind of what the director is known for and its worked his other movies, even though people were at first very skeptical.

OMG I had to write a freaking two page essay on the symbolism of that f@#$%$#g green light lol.

i think tobey maguire was the perfect choice for nick carraway.

Omg can't wait to see this version!

whats the background OST.? anyone know.?

Such an overrated novel. Basically, the character Gatsby is the original Paris Hilton. Famous for being famous. And the intrigues that they go through in the book are of a similar vein as you may imagine Kim Kardashian or Paris Hilton going through. Fitzgerald's writing style is detached and tedious. Movie may be good because of Leo and maybe the director will spark something with the 3D element. But read Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man for a Great American Novel.

where's vinnie chase??

Oh My GODDDD!!!!

the thing the stuck with me the most
look at the very last shot
you can see the green light across the bay

Looks like they corrupted this literary classic. Was hoping it would be really good, but doesn't look to even come close to my expectations.

Leonardo fit again?

Haha... you are getting a LOT of hate for this comment, but I remember finding TGG boring in high school too.  After rereading it in college though, I've grown really attached to it.  Worth a second read. That said, not all books are for everyone!

Read the book and watched the movie in my junior english class in high school, can't say I liked the movie, this one I might though.

Some of these people are dumb some of these songs the use in trailers don't even make it in the movie it's a TRAILER!!!!! 

Movie looks awesome!!!!!!! 
Read the book if you have problem with movie!!!!!!!!!

It is highly overrated. And Fitzgerald's writing style is very overrated as well. An underrated but great American Novel is Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man. Looking foward to the TGG movie, though. 

Leonardo is Gatsby?! Ah man...Toby is in it.... :(

I read it in school and I live in Canada! Lol, I really enjoyed it, you should read it! It is an acquired taste though...

Fuuuuuck no not this director

That looks really good but also, being that is the director, slightly strange. But admittedly I thought it would be like Romeo and Juliet version so I was happy to see it wasn't that "out there". Going to watch the original first. Probs one of my favorite books :) 
What is the song .. the "love is blindness" one?

look up "opinion"

Follow me on twitter @MazzaratiUmar and ill give u a cookie

I read this book for my satII literature class, it's a good book and I agree with some of you Leo doesn't really fit the gatsby look bit that guy from the notebook would make a great gatsby! :D anywho looks like it'll be good, more drama compared to the first motion picture adaptation of this book

1st: No movie can compare to reading the book.
2nd: Casting for the 2000 edition with Paul Rudd was way better.
3rd: This movie looks great.

Um, no.   What I'm saying is, Hollywood is out of ideas, and they have to make a movie based off a book which has been already done with this particular story.

I AM SO EXCITED! 

It's pretty stupid you guys played shitty pop music instead of Swinghouse or Electroswing.  


The music is just for the trailer. Obviously the score and soundtrack will probably be centered around the Jazz Age and the Roaring Twenties. This is only a trailer.

Spiderman and the guy from titanic.

Hated the book so I might hate the movie

You're a horrible person! The Great Gatsby is one of the most beautifully written books and my personal favorite. We just finished reading this in my English class and I enjoyed every page. How could you call this book boring?


Apple mark at the bottom right ?!?!

obsessed

Yo! 'The Great Amitabh Bachchan.'
Thumbs up for that.

Just finished reading the book...ironic???

the trailer makes the plot look epic, which it isnt...

The best English essay I ever wrote was on this book. I can't wait to see this movie!

It appears to be set in the 20's

Carey Mulligan is a good actress. Still hate Daisy tho

Fucking grow up little shit, this is AMERICANA- American culture; classic literature! If you want to be a little unappreciative baby, go read fucking Goosebumps or Twilight or some shit. You are just pissed off because you were FORCED to read it for class.

I can't take Tobey Maguire and Leonardo DiCaprio seriously. They just feel too familiar not to mention it feels like I'm watching spider man.

Oh I'm sorry, I had no idea this was a book prior to the movie. Thanks for letting me know you arrogant fuck

@0the0voiceless i completely agree....judging from the horrible trailer this movie is going to suck...

Interesting sound track for a literary classic.  

Wheres the green light?!?!?!? I was totally waiting for that when they were out by the dock!! Hopefully it'd be soon in another trailer!

Spider man is back

The movie isn't going to be made by your own specifications 

Oh hey its spider man...

When I heard another film rendition of TGG was being made, I was ecstatic. Then I heard who was directing it. I am so skeptical with Luhrmann's style of filmmaking. Putting a modernized twist on literary classics hardly ever works. The only good thing to come out of his version of "Romeo and Juliet" was a great soundtrack. I have a feeling TGG will be no exception :/ Here's hoping I'm wrong.

That chick has got to be the ugliest actress in Holliywood, surely they could have done a lot better .......

stupid hipster kid doesn't understand literature. 

Yeeeeeaaaaa....  How much does anyone wanna bet that the movie is going to be WAY off from the plot of the book?
That's 4 certain

Great book. Definitely going to see the movie

Music doesn't match the trailer at all. Should have been "Jazz Age" music. And the guy who played Gatsby in the first movie did it better. Gatsby is supposed to be smiling all the time, he barely smiled here. Hope the movie turns out good. I think they went for a star cast instead of a one that matchs


How can anyone say the book was boring. It had the greatest plot ever, making it more than enjoyable.

Overrated? He's been nominated eight times for a golden globe award for best actor and has won only once for The Aviator. If anything, he's vastly underrated.  

Read the book the scenes and stuff could have been portrayed better starting with the music. EPIC FAIL!!

For someone who's read The Great Gatsby, a great literary work, you sure are ignorant. It's been a movie for a VERY long time. This Dicrapio garbage is a remake.

WHERE IS THE PINK SSUIT?!

Loved the book, the movie better be good

Not how I imagined it before I read this in my senior year of English...

I don't think Leo is ever going to age. 


Soundtrack for a movie that takes place in the 20's.... FAIL 


The music choice is just Baz's style.  Visually and audibly, you're always given something unexpected with him.

i did and it was boring to read. cool twist though but still BORING.

read it in english class and had to write about it. Made an A in that class. thank you very much.

you're a gatsby.

@dudman89 it was a great, classic book. You're obviously too stupid to comprehend its meaning and probably didn't even read it and just formed an opinion on whatever your friends told you about it.

What's a gatsby?

my favorite part of the novel was the autotune

Baz! Leo! I'm soooo excited about this movie!

Movie looks promising, but c'mon, that music is awful!

The story of The Great Gatsby is of a man who spends his life chasing after a woman. What I'm concerned about is the tidbit about Romeo and Juliet, are they going to do this like that horrible remake starring DiCaprio?

if you remember the book correctly she doesn't reveal her true self until about midway...those scenes are all probably the scenes where she is still "wearing white"

Everyone in the United States with a high school diploma read this book. 

you obviously didn't understand the book.

Looks like they've taken a lot of liberties.

Sucks that i read the book... Dammit spoilers

Actually, Daisy is often portrayed as being bimbo-y, but in fact she's very smart. She comprehends the gender role conflict more than anyone else in the story and she has proven to be very thoughtful in her actions. I highly recommend reading the book as close as possible before seeing the movie. 

I'm in LOVE with Leonardos look at 1:09 
& READ THE BOOK! 

Clearly you read the wrong book.

It's a book from 1925. Everyone who graduated high school knows what the premise of the movie is.

The book was extremely depressing. F.U. Daisy among others. Won't see it due to probable depression afterwords...

Not Sure how I feel about modern music (even if it's good) in a period piece

Really its in 3D. What's suppose to pop out at you, a bottle.

While I am very excited for this movie, I am really disappointed with the music they chose to accompany this trailer. The Great Gatsby was set in the 20s, so why am I hearing hip-hop/pop/rap music from this century? Give me the good ol' jazz and swing music!

I love how they made the most boring and lame book ever look so fucking cool and entertaining. 

Nothing screams great gutsy like jay-z and kanye west!

yea... i havnt read the book for months i remember her having short hair... wait maybe it was tom's mistress who had red hair

God's Word does not define "Love as Blindness" as the song for this movie does. It is true that those who are blind see love as blindness. I Corinthians 13 proclaims for all what love really is and does. 

The book and older movie were just terrible, but fun fact, the actor that plays George wilson in the 1974 movie also plays Herschel in the Walking Dead. Learn something new everyday

Is anyone else fuckin confused as to what the premise of this movie is?

Love the cinematography, similar to "Watchmen"...
Perfect for a story with so much depth

The parties were bIGURRR.
I'm Tobey MaGUIRRRe..

WTF is this movie about ?? 

I'm more pissed on behalf of those yet to read the book. Why spoil a classic for them? It is truly sad that you have nothing better to do with your life than that. You must be a very sad person, not even trying to be a dick, it is sad to think that you derive pleasure this way.

yea... i havnt read the book for months i remember her having short hair...

Hahaha-hahaha!


omfg really!!?!?!!

Where was this when I was doing my final English report !!!

I read this book in my English class and right now we are watching the older movie. I can't wait to see this one as well :). The Great Gatsby is my inspiration at the moment.

even though i read the book, your a fucking ass for that

Love it! My only quarrel is that the movie NEEDS jazz music, which isn't in the trailer at all. 

yep lol!

fuck hipsters!!

no shit, almost everybody here has read the book

3d???? WTF

is that Amitab Bachan i saw there from Bollywood?

yes! 


SPOILER! GATSBY DIES!

holy crap I read the book and now I'm watching the old great Gatsby how ironic

Finish sucking the books heat and soul out here /watch?v=ehjTS6AhMJ8

I have faith in Baz Luhrmann. :) We already have two films that are incredibly faithful to the novel-- I don't think a little risk or creative experimentation is going to hurt anyone's feelings.

fuck.. youre right, i was thinking about inception, good call kind sir

Great novel, and plus Frank Ocean and Jack White in the trailer? This is going to be awesome.

3-D? -________-

DO WANT

Shush.

yea spiderman and the guy from titanic jack yea that is his name i m just kiding goos movie

Amitabh Bachchan at 1:07:o

Who's saying it isn't like the book? Every single shot in the trailer is in the book somewhere, from the shirt-throwing scene to Eckleburg's eyes.  I just hope the movie lives up to one of the greatest (and maybe the greatest) American novels ever written.  I am skeptical, but I hope it does.

Better watch out for that yellow car...

jigga and kanye -- no church in the wild


Awww.  Nothing is greater than the book. I love this book!!! =O

....Matt Damon isn't in this...?

seems to me this is thing to be a lot different than the book....

damn its jason bourne and spiderman in the same movie... it has to be awesome

I had big respect for Leonardo Di Caprio, and then I found out he is in this movie... No, just no.

I know you all are conplaining its bot the book...but if u could be the goddamned book youd be this movie. Please dont tell me to watch the robert redford one bc i have and its boring. And the book is not boring...id rather watch this one and at least toast to fitzgerald and his zelda

Did Leo have a wrist watch on when he was throwing the clothes? I thought they had pocket watches.

Yes, that's exactly what I had in mind. Only the room wasn't dark and the man reading the book was not alone and it was not in any way dramatic. Thank you.

really? you think? this is exactly how I pictured everything.

What?

are you from the future, how do you know how the movie ends
/sarcasm
(cause some people are that thick, that can't tell it's a joke)

what is the second song called

they've modernized everything in the movie and this is completely different from how i imagined the book based on fitzgerald's literary tone. so try not to read the book with this trailer in mind, cause the book is one of the best ever written standing by itself 

btw do you happen to be taking AP language&comp next year? im taking it this year and we had to read TGG last summer

I'm excited to see how closely the movie will follow the story line of the book. I hope they don't change everything and mess it all up

@kettlecorn442 How can u be so stupid Baz lineman is a great director and I'm sure he won't mees this story up it's gonna be a hit just like Romeo and Juliet

Can't stop watching this video:)) im almost done with the book and its so ironic because i was about to sparknote it when i hit youtube and saw this!! I LOVE THE NOVEL! And i love the interpretation this director seems to take:) CAN..NOT..WAIT!

I love the Great Gatsby book and I like that Kanye/JayZ song, but the two together is not a fit. And every other Gatsby movie they've made has tanked, but who knows.Maybe this one will work. The trailer is not that good though.

SWEAR! and I just read this story and watched the original movie in my English class last semester. haha

Ditto! I can't wait to see this movie. I'm definitely going to break out my copy of the book and read it over again. I only hope the film's as exciting as the preview! :]

Peter parker in New York no way....

Well that is, after all, Baz's method.

Wait a minute ..... HES NOT A MAGICIAN ???


this song goes with the trailer perfectly if you actually took the time to listen to the lyrics of no church in the wild you would understand and its sounds perfect with the trailer

Didn't they use this shit music in the movie 'Safe house' already???!!SMH...WTF!!

Carey, make sure he doesn't Drive.

Check out my channel to see a RC car smash into full speed rotating blades!!! Amazing!!! Be sure to like and leave comments!!!

Fuck this movie

Check this one out /watch?v=K1KZE3gBEBM

Gonna be awesome

@jairopo how about "like" if you actually enjoy reading a good book and don't only read because you were "forced" to in school.

I used sparknotes and I barley read the book and I gotta tell you I got an A on every quiz test and essay for the great gasby just by referring to the sparknotes, it was was insane but sparknotes isn't the same as before but it was very helping

I liked the book.

Looks great but srsly jay z and west song in a 20's movie? Its very out of place

The book in all honesty isn't that bad. It's a pretty good tragedy.

Anyways, why do I feel like No Church In The Wild is the perfect song for this movie, but lyrically has absolutely NOTHING to do with it?

Animation looks like crap, y the heck is the 1920s music auto tuned? And I can't wait to see Leonardo decaprio loose his dignity when he has gay sex in an elevator. This movie is going to suck.

I...need to read the book again haha


I literally just tested on this book today in English. Now I can finally be one of those hipsters who says "the book was better."

I'm reading this book for summer reading, so its a funny coincidence that an adaption is released in the same year. But I have a bad feeling that the book isn't going to be as good as the movie...

Like if you were forced to read the book during high school

Loved the book and the movie looks awesome!

Well duh, if you've read the book.

first shes in drive with ryan gosling, and now this! shes one lucky girl haha

wtf is with this music? :| 


The depth is already there in the story

SO EXCITED!!!

Looks amazing!

I hope I'm wrong, but this really seems like pure style and no depth.

Toby Macguire!!!!!!!

looks classy as fuck.


"Love is blindness" covered by jack white

What songs are in this trailer?

U can't fool me trailer I had to read the book in school and it was not nearly as awesome as the trailer described

You aren't, you suck!

The "ism" we should be thinking about watching a Great Gatsby trailer is "modernism". I only hope that it encourages reading a real book. 

This song's awesome

No Church In The Wild= Good movie....and me needing new underwear 

im 15 and Filming Movies like this is my dream, 
I think im on my way there. Check out my channel and like if you agree

I loved this book, so i really hope this movie is good

one does not simply say jack white slaughters a song... 

This is addictive. Exactly the way it should be. 

Spiderman!

my eng teacher just piss his pants


well,
I see that they got the famous shirt throwing scene from the book.
Also its about a young man's love for a rich girl who was once out of his social standing.
They want to get together again but Daisy is already married
I dont wanna spoil the ending but lets say that its just a tragedy movie ;)


Love interest does not look hot at all.

thanks :)


No Church in the Wild - Kanye West ft. Jay-Z. It's from the movie Safe House starring Ryan Reynolds.

*gatsby

COOLEST.
TRAILER.
EVER.

Who's gutsy

I was replying to someone who was complaining about how New York City looked in an opening shot, not the music.

I didn't care for their choice of trailer soundtrack either, though I think their reason for choosing it was to remind people that the 1920s wasn't some moral golden age, people still drank, smoked, fucked, and partied. People associate that kind of music with those things, so they were trying to create a sense of timelessness by showing "party people" who would actually be 100 today.

"Love is Blindness," originally by U2. Not sure who's covering (slaughtering) it in the trailer.

When i first herd the guitar riff from no church in the wild.. It mad this trailer 100 times cooler..

What song was in the beginning

I haven't read the book in a couple of years, but does this have anything to do with it plot-wise?  I don't seem to remember so much stuff happening...

In addition to your comments there is also something to be said about "romanticism", in which things can be portrayed as the way they should be, or could be at their finest. Obviously we don't see this in everyday life, so movies are a perfect medium.

Well said

The music at the begging? Yucky... 

Yeah, a lot of it does look like the book.  But it also seems like... they thickened the plot?  I don't know.  I'm interested in seeing where they take this.

The old original movie was complete trash. They kept out so many good scenes from the book which some i can see are in this one from the trailer and i heard a lot of quote for quote lines. I for one am extremely excited for this one! 

Whats the name of the song after No church in the wild 

My English teacher is gonna go crazy
 when she finds out..... For those of you who have required reading for this in your school district..

@munozy1 really u don't know that song lol it's No Church in the wild by jay-z an kanye west

Can't wait to see this. loved the book.

The book was not good making the effort put into this movie misplaced.

No Church In The Wild... Owwww Yeaaaaa, Oww Yea!

Looks like poop

He plays Nick.

Jack White Love is Blindness!


oh how judgmental we tend to be nowadays..even before seeing the movie! 

THIS IS RAPE, BLATANT RAPE. THEY MIGHT AS WELL PLAY "STRAIGHT OUT OF COMPTON" IN THE FILM, BECAUSE I DONT GIVE A SHIT BECAUSE ITS ALREADY BEEN FUCKED.

The book was really good, and the other Great Gatsby movie was surprisingly accurate with the book, I hope they don't leave out the important things...

NO! Why?

Why did you do this?!

I was planning on reading the dang thing!

I think that's the point. The facades that individuals and societies create is an important aspect of the novel. 

Lol @ Apple logo on bottom right corner

It looks so...modern

No Churches in the Wild, by Kanye West and Jay-Z

Just put this book on my summer reading list!

THERE IS NO WORD TO DESCRIBE MY FEELING RIGHT NOW! MY BALLS EXPLODED AFTER WATCHING THE TRAILER. FUCKIN GATSBY!

..just another reason not to read the book

I don't know how I feel about this... :8|

Yeah...  Okay, if the zebra doesn't blowup I'm sure someone will.

Look out here comes the spider man.

Myrtle's hubby thinking he was the one who killed Myrtle kills him. Daisy runs over Myrtle.

Soo glad they are making this into a movie. This is like the only book in school we read that I loved

oh fuck yes


Halfway through, Leo shoots Tobey in the head and when they wake up they realize he is actually Spiderman

@Aseeb36 there was a Gatsby movie that came out in 1974 starring Mia Farrow and Robert Redford, just fyi 

ugh! they fucked this movie up, so upset. And to make matters work, tobey mcguire? reallllly? he shouldn't be in movies anymore..

why is kanye west playing for the great gatsby? is that a joke?


Being forced to the read the book in high school has already made me have a negative opinion on the movie adaptation

I'M HERE

i really want this to be good, but that music absolutly sucked


The only good thing about Romeo plus Juliet was John Leguizamo as Tybalt. Everything else he did was utter crap. Also who the fuck does he think he is to be rewriting Shakespeare? And 3d is the stupidest thing to ever be put on the market. It's only function is to suck money out of unsuspecting moviegoers. 

Peter parker

I read this book for grade 12 english. cant believe theres a movie on it NOW.

amitabh bachchan!!!


Leo is actually gunna be the best Gatsby, he's absolutely gorgeous 

I think that Shake it Out by Florence + The Machine should  have been played at the beginning of the trailer. Just Sayin'! 

The girl that says "Do you know him" reminds me of Molly Ringwald in the 80s

The plot seems entirely cliché now, but that's because so many people attempted to emulate Fitzgerald! At the time it was a revolutionary and novel (excuse the pun) idea.

You know they already made a movie on the great gatsby right?

peter parker was in the spider man movie not tobey maguire see what i did there :D

I don't know when people are going to learn that fictional films and documentaries are two different things.

Not every movie is obligated to be "realistic."  There's something called "style" to consider. This movie is about ten times more colorful than reality is. 

Think of Spartacus and 300, for example. They're both great movies set in antiquity. One's obviously realistic in its approach ,while the other is stylish. Both approaches have their merit.

One thing you can count on with Baz Luhrmann: The man sure knows how to spin cultural anachronisms to his favor. 

fuck this book/movie/story!!!!!!!


Why is spider man in this movie?

1st song was no church in the wild - kanye west/jay z.
2nd song was love is blindness - u2

:)

/watch?v=M37VucWh06Y

I know right? Gatsby is supposed to be soft spoken and way less... dramatic. I fell the same way. 

not only that....jazz back in the 20s got the same reaction the autotune is eliciting from you. that's the point. the jazz will make us nostalgic. that's not the point. it should have the harshness and experimental quality those of the 20s felt when this book was published.

Where do you get off? 

they died before the movie started


I definitely did not imagine Leo as Gatsby.

Question...... Zebra in pool at 0:18?

@scchamil You're right. But the word wasn't popular at all. In fact you'd still get sharp looks if you said it in 1935.

where the black ppl at ;D

2012 = best film year EVER. I guess movie directors know the world's gonna end and they wanna go out with a bang.

copying that movie with denzel with that song smh

i'm not sure if you're familiar with baz...he's far from the trashy michael bay hollywood type. he does what he wants.

Dammmmnnn I can't wait for this one.

do we really need another dicaprio movie??

Music doesnt fit trailer

I'm one who believes in waiting for the movie, but this is stupidity with a capital T. You can't make a movie out of poetry. It just will not translate. They would have done better to film a dramatic reading of the book. Just one person in a dark room reading the book. I'm so sick of this blockbuster BS... B movies rule. FUCK HOLLYWOOD, they can have my money right after they blow me.
BTW Spiderman at 0:29 lol.

no church in the wild is a lyrically brilliant song with a unique production. 

This actually looks pretty good. One of my favorite books of all time. Don't know about the whole 3D thing, though. 

what are these songs called


ah you cant beat the original


@Clinton Wisely Oh lol I did, this is why I hated English in high school because they make you read stupid shit like this, I'm a college sophomore and English is way better in college, not better because you still have to write papers but at least they don't torture you by making you read something you have no interest in whatsoever

finally a good gatsby movie!

baz knew that too. he specifically used it to set up a certain mood

people needa chill. it isn't only fitzgerald. you gotta realize that its the movie. if you want the book......stick to the book. it's modeled for our time period, our society, but still of the 20s. its glamourous and unreal, setting up the perfect juxtaposition for the disillusionment of the tale.

Ahh and the beginning... I had no idea they had autotune back in 1922.

I'm sure they just did that for the trailer. Like that one movie that came out not too long ago, I think it was called red tails. It had dubstep in the trailer but not in the actual movie.

Awwww snap i didnt see who Tom was though :c

I SEE THE GREEN LIGHT!!!!

I can't wait to see the movie !!!! I already saw the older one

I know, but I like that they're remaking it. Plus I've never seen the 74' version.

i love this so hard.

WHAT A FUCKING GREAT YEAR OF FILMS WOOOOOOOOOOOW

Tobey maguire is perfect for this role.

whats the song they used? o.o where it says love is blinding?

they already made one from 1974

not sure if you're bashing it but this looks fucking great

My AP Lit teacher made me read this over Christmas, because I'd never read it, and I absolutely loved it. I'm so glad they made a movie.

it's spiderman!

Please vote this comment up, so I can believe youtube isn't full of douchebags who hate what is clearly going to be a VERY good movie.

I don't like spoilers, but yours is awesome haha

Anyone know the song in the trailer?

Seems like you answered you're own question


Either he dies on the Titanic, or he commits suicide in his mansion. HOLLYWOOD, MAKE UP YOUR MINDS!!!!

holy shit its amitabh!

what happened to original film productions???
seems like all these recent movies are modern adaptations of books, tv shows, or comics

Anyone know the sing used in the trailer?

The great gatsy (one of my favorite books) + leonardo decaprio = Omg! Just pissed my pants!

Jack White's cover of U2's "Love is Blindness"

Forest Gump was here

i think its a floaty lol

I remember reading this in high school and also watching the movie

Looks awesome.

got really excited when I heard Jack White's voice...

WTF with the music?


you know what sucks about this looking like an awesome movie? that now younger generations who watch this movie now wont get the enjoyment of reading it later on in school because they will already know the story :( 

Classic book commercialized for rectal insertion

I read this for my ap Lang class this year, and I fell in love with the characters of nick and gatsby. I loved hating Tom, daisy, an Myrtle. This book is a classic, I can't wait for the movie rendition.

Can anybody tell me what's to love about this story, besides homeboy getting ran over by a rolls Royce phantom I fucking hated the book, so can anybody explain to me what makes this story so interesting and why people love it, to me it just seems like a bunch of rich motherfuckers caught up and lost in their own wealth

Oh well in that case i don't think it lasted long enough to "ruin the trailer" 

This looks AMAZING.

Yes.

It's something about gatsby taking the identity of someone else right...

Erm...was talking about the Jay-Z song at the beginning.

they better not fuck this one up.

I love Toby Maguire but I can never take him completely serious when he yells.  His voice gets higher and it always cracks.  Poor Toby...

SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKIN

Jack white is not rap music my friend.

Rap music: Ruining movie trailers since 2012.

Can't wait to watch this. 

Just letting you know. If you honestly appreciate the book, then I'm sorry if I offended. It just upset me to see how easy it would be for a person who hasn't read the book to have it spoiled for them.

great gatsby in 3d. what the fuck society

Yeah it will "defiantly suck" against the movie-makers
 will.  That was their intent even if they were unaware of it.  

This is one of my favorite books!!!  I hope that hollywood doesn't ruin it for me!!  But I have high hopes for this movie.

Nah, they would have used Morgan Freeman if they wanted dramatic voice haha

Saw that - think it's a balloon. 

If that was the case, why did they choose the music they did?

but "you always look so cool" is the same line fitzgerald used in the book. 

That "cool" comment is actually a direct quote from the book. The book may have literally invented to the use of that word (although Miles Davis probalby has a claim as well).  

or during the era the movie is set in?

Would have better if Scorsese had directed it. Luhrmann adds too much extravagance, and the casting of Nick could have been better.

Thumbs up if you read this book in High School English.

Can anybody tell me the name of the second song? 

i thought Jordan was MUCH more attractive in the original movie :/

They probably used it inthe 1920s because they say that in the book, which was published in 1925

That line is a direct quote from the original 1925 book - read it! 

NOOOOO! BAZ LUHRMAN FUCKING RUINED MY FAVORITE BOOK!

im sooo thrilled for this, i can't wait. the 70's version sucked (at least in my opinion), this has to be GOOD, please! 

I really wish they had used some sort of music more in period with when it's meant to take place.  Not trying to bash modern music or anything, it's just not what I think of when I think of the 1920s.

if you pause at 0:18, there is a zebra swimming in a fountain. I don't know what to say to that.

Next they'll be making a movie for The Catcher in the Rye. I dread that day..

No the trailer uses the same soundtrack from Safe House!!!

The word "cool" wasn't coined until the early 40's and their 1920's accents aren't very good. I think its a bit time-fike but probably good movie.

What. the. HELL did they do to the plot???

"Oh come on old sport, you can do a better job acting as me than that" xD

Jack White's cover of U2's Love is Blindness


And you found it necessary to say this on the movie trailer for what reason exactly? I read the book already, but saying "spoiler alert" is not going to prevent those who haven't read the book from reading your post. I understand you are trying to be funny, but I despise spoilers, especially when they are from a book this fantastic.


You cheeky bastard:)

whats not to LOVE, Its LEO !!!!!

The word cool wasnt coined until the early 40's.

Tobey! this must be spiderman 4! *jkjk* :D

Because with a bunch of good actors who are known for doing GOOD movies, this movie will defiantly suck, so glad to see that you saw the movie already.

What song is at the ending of the trailer.

ive watched this trailer at least 5 times...never done that with anyother movie recently.  i think this is gonna be an awesome movie.

watch?v=JEtb_DnYqAs&feature=youtu.be

^^ Send some Haterz over in here ^^

gatsby kills himself in the end.

In the begging, the narrator says "The Liquor is Cheap". This is wrong because prohibition was going on which means that liquor would be alot more expensive, not cheaper!

Not how I imagined the book but still looking forward too it :D

I knew it was jack from titanic!

ah excuse me now but Baz Luhrmann is one of the best directors out there, he is unreal as is his adaptation of Romeo and Juliet and so what if it's in 3D it is also to be screened in 2D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


We literally JUST read this last month in school XD

this is soooo wrongly wrong man

We had a small discussion of this trailer in my English class today. Most of us agree that it wont be great, but we are all probably going to see it because of DiCaprio. Sigh...

the acting looks fine and everything but the soundtrack and the visual style of the film turn me off....im not as excited to see this film now

isn't that the ending of the book ? lol 

whats the song in the beginning of the trailer???

the shirts scene.....lmao

The original movie was better... I can already tell.

All of Toby's movies are gems can't wait

Gatsbt believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's not matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch our our arms father... And one fine morning -
So we beat on, boasts against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.

I only read the book because of a home-school assignment, it was dry, but with a great ending. From this trailer, the movie doesn't seem to be staying close to the book. I notice the iconic scene at 0:51 were the window first raining then turns to sun shine. 

The book is amazing and Leonardo makes is even more amazing! ;) I just came

Cast seems perfect!

I've been wondering why they haven't adapted that book myself. It seems like it wouldn't be that difficult; just stick to the book and don't change the dialogue. I do think it would be expensive to do right though.

Yes! 

Read in the book this year in school

The song is "Love is blindness" as covered by Jack White.

Great music who is it ?

I CANT WAIT TO WATCH THIS ON CHRISTMAS 

3D for what?! Oh, maybe when Daisy hits Myrtle, she'll then drive into the audience! (I'm kidding), but this this does look like a very good adaptation

RICH GIRLS DONT MARRY POOR BOYS. 

I had to annotate the whole book for ib English 2 god I'm glad sophomore year is over!!!

who ever made the soundtrack for this movie should be slapped in the face

The book was horrible.  I read it in high school and don't remember a single thing about it other than the fact that I hated it.  Huckleberry Finn was by far a better book but there is no need to make it in 3D.  I don't know what Hollywood is thinking, besides the obvious fact that they are not thinking.  So what's next?  Catcher in the Rye in 3D?  Freaking idiots.  

Tom Hardy would fit perfectly in this movie 

Cannot wait for this

I wonder if the Titanic will avoid the iceberg this time

epic


Are they really including a Jay Z/Kayne song in the trailer?!  What is this 3D fuckery?  Fitzgerald should come back from the grave to bitch slap Baz Luhrmann for this mess.  Terrible.

i can see it, with the art direction

I'm more concerned with why Spiderman is hanging out with Dom Cobb. Although frankly this sure as hell looks a dream. Oh god, I just realized how Inception really ended.

They should really use quotes from the book -__-
As much as I'd like to see a movie that actually uses the book closely, I don't think this one will and I probably will not watch it.  I'll read the book again, though! :D

I Wish! I love Brave New World and would so go see a movie for it :D


WHAT SONG IS AT 1:10????????

I have, twice, and I'm really looking forward to this movie :D

read the book

Do you really think it could be done? A modern take on Brave New World? I mean, a 'believable' one. Well, it would be neat to see someone try & pull it off at any rate.

Anyone else think the voice at the beginning was terribly edited? Sounds like it was recorded in a bedroom.

You really have no idea how they do this do you? It's not just about "putting stuff in front of the camera to justify 3D" I've seen a few films recently that were released both in 3D and normal versions. The normal versions are just that - normal. Filming in 3D is not some kind of "magical process" it's just using 2 cameras. Take away the 3D projection on the screen and you have a normal non-3D film.

Yes of course 3D totally makes sense for this film...

Hope it stays true to the book

GET THE HEALL OUTTA HERE!

holy crap! its like my grade 12 english class come to life!!!

if you mean the song at the end its "Love is blindness" originally by U2 but the version in this is a cover...

Where's Vincent Chase?

SPIDERMAN?

Yaaaaaaaayyyyy!

name of the song?


just wrote my english exam essay over this


amithab bachan? lol

that would be myrtle...

No Church in the wild - Kanye West *thumbs up so people can see

Leanardo !!!!! can't wait :D :D

Well Daisy will get hit by a car at the end so YEAHHHHHHH

Two books I loathed in high school: The Catcher in the Rye and this, The Great Gatsby. To each his own I presume... All that aside, this movie looks banging!

CHRISTMAS?

I can't wait that long.

I can hear everyone now. "OMG The Great Gatsby was so "GREAT" lol" 

Well i already know its going to be sad

that book sucked and so will this movie

big billboard eyes?   two of the most important parts of the book. they shouldn't be surprising. Billboard eyes: Dr. Tj Eckleburg


K I love the book to death but, wtf is with this music?

Spider man? What

I think this movie is going to be amazing. I'm so glad with the cast that they picked. Too excited for such a classic book. >.<

I agree, I think Leonardo fits gatsby fairly well but no one will fit him like robert redford


sweet theres auto tune in the 1920 lol

Hm, I'm sitting on the fance on this one. It's a very good book, but I was almost a bit turned off by the choice of music for this trailer. I'll probably going to see it either way.

This producer sucks. Always thinking he's bringing a modern twist when he basically ruins the perfectly joyous/interesting zeitgeist of the time.

at first I thought that Toby McGuire was going to be Gatsby...I was about to choke the director

spoilers are always relevant 

Two problems with this movie right of the bat: 1) Directed by the hack that directed Romeo plus Juliet 2) 3D

whats the song called around 1 minute in?


it looks like they went too overboard with the CGI.
spoilers are always relevant. that's the most idiotic thing i've heard. 

ah...history, you have no clue about it, do you? Jazz originated in 1910, which produced wealthy "black" individuals as well. Phillis Wheatley wrote her famous book of poetry in 1773, and even some blacks owned slaves. Please, continue reading your outdated high school history books that provide the same meta-narrative of only black slaves, which disregard those that achieved social mobility and also disregard other race of people involved in aspects of indentured servitude, the Irish, etc. Read

YES! He plays Wolfshiem!

It's not ignorant... In the modern days with so much polarized identities, there are people that identify as black but not African-American. Not all blacks have African ancestry, there are blacks that really are from Africa etc, etc.

This looks like a Heineken commercial...

The colors and art direction are incredible. The scene with the yellow car looks fantastic! I can't get over the colors!

i cannot wait to see it, I just finished reading this for english class and I am in love with this book. i totally geek out over this.

Ugh. I hate who they picked to play Daisy.. doesn't look the part.

they better not butcher it 

In my younger and more venerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. 

"Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."

How appropriate my response. 

Nothing says 1920 like Jay-Z and Kanye West...

Don't say blacks, it's African Americans you ignorant redneck fuck.

@Wesinema I would say you talk like a fag and your shits all retarded.

OMG!!! Did I JUST SEE AMITABH BACHAN???? 0:30
Someone please tell me it's not just me...

What the hell is spiderman doing in this?.....

Great!

0:16 Autotune...for the 1920s...?  Uh...

Everything is just as i pictured it from the book. Toby and Leonardo are great choices, but im not too sure about the choices for Jordan and Daisy. I will definitely be seeing though.

Is that really that big a deal? 

It's a classic novel...Anyone with a US public school education has probably read it. (I know our sophomore English classes read it.) 

He never dies, its just inception.

U2 - Love Is Blindness

Jack White - Love Is Blindness (U2 Cover) 

Why is it in 3D? well, I really don't mind watching Leo Dicaprio in 3D.. at all.

No Church in the Wild- Jay-Z and Kanye West

I know it's Frank Ocean.

BAZ IS BACK!

looks good

looks good 


what is the name of the song???? 1:00 - 2:27

Yes but there are still many people who will be watching this as their first time experiencing the story. How would you feel if I told you (spoilers) that Snape kills Dumbledore before you read Harry Potter even though it came out years ago?

No they aren't. How many youths, young adults, or even middle-aged adults do you think have read this novel? Not many.

I hated the book, definitely a pass for me.

I don't know what I pressed...but youtube keeps repeating this..and I don't mind it at all! This is my favourite novel and this has got a lot to live up to for me. I have no doubt that it will be amazing though, with Dicaprio, I can't think of any film he's in that isn't!

The little man is not convincing as Fitzgerald's hero. Also the music is far removed from the music of the time. Scott Fitzgerald wouldn't have approved. Where is the jazzy decadence of the day?

Song in the beginning?

AMITABH BACHCHAN IS DOING AMERICAN FILMS???? that's AWESOME! i can't wait to see this!

Baz Luhrmann - sounds good to me.

I'm guessing it will be as boring as the book.

Leonardo DiCaprio, a great reason to watch a movie (nothing else matters)

Is it me... or does this look like it was directed by Zack Snyder? This is based on what the lighting and what his movies usually look like, but that's just me 

That CGI is gonna age so badly

Oh I hope this is good. 
This is one of my favorite books of all time!

Leonardo DiCaprio finally shaved his face.

i feel like i've read a book about this..

As much as I hate that damned book, I can see this being a good movie -_-

the swag gatsby

Jack White- Love is Blidness (u2 cover)

I need to watch this.

exactly what i was thinking when i saw the trailer

It won't live up to the book, but it looks like it has the potential to be its own really cool thing!! Definitely looking forward to it!

Why does this reek of the count of monte cristo?

no need to be so mean, that was his interpretation.

I  CANNOT WAIT!!!

The Cast looks great. But what's with the music? This is the 20's in the 20's it was about Jazz Music not rock and hip hop. The original looks better. But you never know this might be better. 

This movie looks good Idk! what you people are complaining about, and you should of known from the beginning that this director was making this movie so you should have figured his style. 

Well, I can't wait it looks good, and don't really care if they make some changes. They always do when they make a movie based off a book. 

Jack White - Love is Blindness 

Oh please don't ruin this tale.  Its message is so relevant to the vapid showiness of our time...


Christmas?! I'd b dead by then :(

I don't know how to feel about this.

Song in the middle is Love Is Blindness - Jack White

Im pretty sure this is not gonna be closely following the book. But it does look like it'll be a good movie nonetheless.

this looks awesome!!!

exactly the same thought, i adore the song but please not with gatsby!

I agree that the music isn't a big deal, but Romeo + Juliet didn't take place in the original time period it was written in.

this looks artfully beautiful... gorgeous... reminds me of a painting.....i understand tht it is stylized but it looks like its done in a tasteful way tht fits the 1920s...

agreed i felt like there was less things involved, yes he had extravagant parties but it wasnt described as that. the book in my opinion seems to be a tragedy and the trailer doesnt really seem to bring me that vibe, its too colorful and the characters already seem to comfortable with eachother like you said there was a lot of tension between them 

If you've seen Moulin Rouge, you know Luhrmann's style of film-making and use of music doesn't adhere strictly to the "canon" of the time.

I loved the book, it was amazing, and now I really want to watch this

From the way they're dancing, it looks like they're gonna use the right music from their time.

i cried... this is going to finnaly be something i want to watch

it's a trailer. apparently you think every movie for the past decade has used Lux Aeterna in some way, shape, or form as well.

leonardo is STILL hot. wow :D.. my teacher just showed this to our class today

at least it looks better than the 1970's Robert Redford version...

Looks shit

Didn't they have 90's music in Romeo + Juliet? Yeah so SHUT THE FUCK UP!

Pretty good book hopefully the movie Is also, looks good:)

Summer!!! Y u no christmas ?

Love the book


You clearly don't saw films directed by BAZ LUHRMAN(MOULIN ROUGE), XD!...

Can't wait to see this! Amazing book...great original movie!



SPOILER: Daisy fucks Gatsby's boss on his own bed!!! 

It might be that the trailer just highlights the most action packed parts to motivate people to go see it. They have to try and attract the audience that haven't read the novel as well. But I still very much agree with you

why would they make daisy and jordan so ugly come on now

Great book. Not expecting this movie to do it justice.

best book of all time, looks like a shite film, the casting is awful

love is blindness by Jack white.
originally a u2 song!

Shit book, probably boring movie no thank you, i read this last year, go to hell whoever wrote this crap.

And Leo isn't?

Did I just hear Autotune??????? Good God... F. Scott Fitzgerald is rolling in his grave.

Sorry to break it to you, but Baz is known to incorporate modern music, so there may be a chance it's on there. This trailer shows all that I love of Baz's work and I am finally okay with the direction not going to Scorsese. 

i remember reading the book, and watching this? jizz in my fucking pants

I imagined gatsby as a built strong guy u know a soldier lookn guy

Er...the book was written in 1925, bro. 

Since when did everyone become a fucking movie critic? 

i could not agree any more, you touched on everything that i was just thinking

Out of ideas much!?

the song at the beginning is jay z and kanye west "no church in the wild" 

Wow, this is so weird but that's exactly what I imagined Nick to look like o.0

IB?

TOTALLY not the movie I was picturing when I heard Carey Mulligan would be in it

Trailer Music =/= Movie Music

Def gonna see this cause we just finished the book!

The book was beautifully written, but all the writing in the world can't make such a boring plot interesting. Hopefully it won't be the same for the movie

This loooks amazing. holy.

Amazing. Jack White - Love is Blindness (cover of U2's song).

Leoooooo

We still have 7 months left in the year. We just gotta wait to see what happens.

Vince Chase

I can tell this is going to win best picture already

obviously you don't read

Literature class has me hard for this.

This looks awful...

Tell me they aren't using that music in a period piece.  Please tell me they aren't.

leo!


What's the second song?

Beggining song name? 

Just go ahead and give it the Best Picture Oscar from now...

Well, Time to go change my pants..

why the hell do they do this in 3D??? eh...

seriously the music ruined it for me

Looks hot.

such a great actor, leonardo decaprio

no church in the wild!

damn...

'No Church in the Wild'' by Kanye West & Jay Z  <----- song people!!

not at all how i imagined the book, which is great :D

Looks good but wont do justice to the book. 
The movie turns the book into a love story as the primary conflict its not about that. It should be about the American Dream! And it seems to extravagant! Ill still probably love it anyway 

So excited!!!!! My favorite book in the world

What a cast! What a trailer! I can't wait, honestly.

yay spiderman is in it!

does anyone know the first song played?

WTF is amitab bachan doing in this movie

My favorite book. This movie looks quite respective to most of the plot of the book but with some obvious over the top things.

I look forward to it! Can't wait for a modern version of The Great Gatsby! The ending better make me cry.

Also I wish that Robert Redford was still young so he can be gatsby in this movie, he is imo the best gatsby. but we shall see. Decap just looks weird as gatsby to me.

oooooooooooo!

Carey Mulligan's looked better, but any trailer which opens with No Church In The Wild is a winner imo, plus the book in an absolute classic.

Looks like quite the film, old sport

Possible Oscar nominations for this movie (no shitty complaints):
Best Art Direction
Best Costume Design
Best Makeup
Best Visual Effects
Best Cinematography
Best Actor - Leonardo DiCaprio (It is possible so no crappy complaints)
Best Supporting Actor - Tobey Mcguire (I think he may have a chance)
Finally, if the critics love the movie, it'll probably get nominated for Best Director and Best Picture.
All we can do now is wait till Christmastime and see how things turn up. No complaints!!

I can't wait!! So amped!!!

Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

Exciting. Except the second song kind of ruined the period mood a bit- sounded like Nickelback at their most grating.

i dont know whether to look forward to this adaption of the book or not. It certainly is different, but I'm not sure if it's in a good way? They certainly captured the eccentricity, but surely it wasnt meant to be the MAIN theme?

whats the song in the very beginning?!


World's dumbest movie ...

Great book, though. 

It's a Baz Luhrmann movie and it is totally what I expected. May it be good or bad, but I need to see this movie!!

YAY!! :D

:) I read this in AP Lang this year XD

ehhhhh. not that i actually read the book (i read some of it though!) but i saw the other movies, and we discussed the book in my english class last year, and i just didnt find the story particularly interesting....  and this just seems like its gonna be the same story, only dressed up with special effects and better actors and stuff. i'll probably see it, but im not too pumped about this.  toby mcguire and leonardo dicaprio are awesome, but im not too into this 

The second song is Jack White's rather brilliant cover of love is blindness by U2, people :)

Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning—  2:17

I kind of wish Ben Affleck wouldn't have dropped out. As much as I can't stand him now, he would've made a great Tom. The perfect asshole.

LEO!!

Not all people read bro. You gotta get everyonr interested in a movie some how...

Great book. Film could hardly look more terrible.

I literally just had a test over the Great Gatsby today

Don't Blink. Blink and you're dead.

The song is, "Love Is Blindness" by U2

Nostalgic films of late are having odd modern soundtracks.

And I don't like it. I don't like it one bit.

the book was not nearly this intense...

most overrated and boring book, EVER!

I'm reading this book right now for English, I'm looking forward to seeing the movie. And the fact that Leonardo Dicaprio is in it, makes it that much better.

i thought this was staring Vincent Chase and directed by Scorsese?

The book is ingenious. I hope they capture it in the movie! :)

Seeing that the director of this as the same guy who did Moulin Rouge, it's probably going to have an unorthodox interpretation that might actually have some food insight. Jesus people, give it a chance before you bitch.

whats the song that starts at 0:59 ?

Leonardo DiCaprio, so hot in this movie! 


jazz music was the pop music of the time, so why not?

The Green light at 0:49 when Daisy is looking out the window. Yay for keeping symbolism!

Way surreal take

The only reason I can think of is because it's a trailer released in 2012, all we can hope for is that they didn't put that music in the actual movie.

is it just me or do they slip into weird English accents at 1:06 was that part of the novel? :L

Wow, Gatsby and Daisy's romance is looking pretty grand... Wonder how THAT'LL end up... Hope they have someone watch the baby this time.

Fuck this movie

Check this out /watch?v=K1KZE3gBEBM

Gonna be awesome.


How many film adaptations does this bloody novel need?

Jack White. Love Is Blindness by U2

The first song is Kanye & Jay-Z - No Church in the Wild

Never thought a Gatsby starring DiCaprio would be worse-looking than a Gatsby starring Paul Rudd. *shudder*

Jack White - Love is Blindness watch?v=Iy8po6XUhE4

dicaprio could probably pull it off. he's a good actor. 

Actually @Keti Adasfkl has a good point. Gatsby is not the sort of character that fits DiCaprio's persona of a lady's man. Gatsby's character is far too hesitant, and somewhat desperate. He's too a pathetic character in the classical sense, and Leonardo is what to manly for pathetic. 

In the book there's line about her hair being the colour of autumn leaves (it's in the last chapter she appears in, I think.) always imagined her as a brunette, though. might be wrong, though! :)

haha this traielr makes it look like an action movie

To be charitable, if that music represents the film's score, it is wildly incongruent.

Oh shit, spiderman travled back in time

I'm sure you could do much better.

watch?v=h6iAkwuxhD4&list=UUhsHh_DjwsoTbtsJHj12FLA&index=1&feature=plcp


ew

i really hope this doesn't suck.. I like Leo, just not too fond of Toby Maguire.. Leo needs an oscar!

Already seen the version with Vincent Chase.

What happened to them casting Vincent Chase, with Martin Scorsese directing? 
I was more excited about the fake movie on Entourage.

1:18 where is this line from? 
i'm slightly worried about the screenplay because nick's narration is what makes the book so rich. how are they going to portray that in the movie?
I'M SO CONFLICTED!!!

your a joke


I refuse to watch this in 3D

Yay. Amitah Bachan


carey mulligan isn't even remotely good looking...i just dont get it.

I'm Here for Callan McAulliffe - and iIdont see him ?
this just makes me want to watch the movie more.

I like Tobey, but Vincent Chase all the way!

yaya! so excited. I'm sure Leonardo will be great but I always imagined Gatsby as a skinny young handsome man...kind of like Ryan Gosling.

3D is a scientific technology not a Artistic Style. It angers me Idtiots who do it and consume it think it can be used as a basis for an Arctic Style with no other substance. Thats why as a MARKETING term 3D is a joke. But when great director who just use 3D as the technology intended to be, more information. It elevates great works which already have great substance like anything Baz Lurman has done. Your comment has no point here.

There is no point in making a movie out of the Great Gatsby if you're not going to take a bold interpretation.  It is the depth and flexibility of the book that makes it great.  Bravo, Baz Luhrmann for being brave once again.  I can't wait to see this.

Why was this even made?!

Wholly fuck i wish i lived back then

darn.... i was stoked for this movie but this trailer makes it look ridiculous... lame

probably because dicaprio is old

Holy eff, Dicaprio looks old.

I thought the same, but its not a bad choice.

Wow, this looks amazing! I wanna see this! xD

OMG! OMG! Bazzzz

Oh man, I CAN'T WAIT.

Why could this not have come out 2 weeks ago before I had to take my english exam... :'(

No disrespect to Leo, because he is a great actor and all.  But when I heard they were doing this movie, I imagined Ryan Gosling as someone who fits this 1920's everyman that Jay is supposed to be.

Me seeing th beginning of the trailer: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Moulin Rouge! Ok. maybe I'm overreacting, there's no way anyone from Moulin Rouge is tackling the serious story about the failings of the American dream. *sees that the producer is from Moulin Rouge* Oh fuck you Hollywood!

Alright, Jack White's version of "Love is Blindness"....Nice!!!

the first song is  No Church in the Wild by Kanye and Jay Z
thumbs up so ppl can see

I CANNOT WAIT.

Shut up and take my money!

WHY DID SOMEONE THINK dicaprio WAS SUITED FOR GATSPY!?  Cool looking adaptation but what an unfortunate casting choice.  

3D? give me a damn break.

hahaha i just watched the original 2 days ago and it bored meh... but this get my attention cause leo as gatsby just makes the movie saucy :] mmmmm

aah, nothing encapsulates the and themes of the great gatsby like Jay-Z

spot on sir

as if a black guy would be seen drinking rozay out of a convertable in the 1920s

I you don't want to read spoilers, don't read the comments! Vote this comment up!!!

Got to say I think that Robert Redford fits Gatsby much better then DiCaprio

I'm a fan of DiCaprio but I'm not sure about this casting. He doesn't have the suave 1920's look and charisma that is required for the role. He's too much of a 90's child. Toby Maguire however might be able to pull off Nick Carraway.

hmm... this looks remarkably shit.

I love the book. I just hope they didn't fuck up this movie like most directors do by taking out a lot of important things. 

"You're love is my scripture" ... what a great lyric designed to align with this amazing, life-changing novel!

Anyone else do this for English/literature? Hahaha
The old films a belter :L

i like the rap music lol....

Stupid people like you disgust me.

This looks like s***

The movie looks like it'll be good besides the shitty music in the trailer... Hopefully that music won't make the final cut of the movie.

WHY INCLUDE RAP MUSIC IN A TRAILER BASED ON A BOOK SET IN THE 1920'S? ):/

See Romeo + Juliet if you haven't; Lurhman does a similar modernizing treatment. Gatsby is really a story about excess and partying; kinda fits into today. 

it's an adaptation of one of the best books ever written ;)

Here is a waaayyyy better movie /watch?v=ViBtkN4rVyQ

A lot of people are complaining about the music choice, but I think the people producing the film are intelligent enough to realize the difference between today and the 1920's. They're shooting for a very specific style and I actually kind of like it. I'm excited for this, I think it has a lot of potential to do the book justice. 

this has has such a...luhrmann style. reminds me of romeo+juliet 

ok indian fans, if you are here for Big B, just click 1:03

so much yes in this trailer

I've never read TGG, but I sure will now.

Ive read the book and it looks like that this movie is taking a wonderful twist on this story that will fit this generation. Cant wait. 


The first Great Gatsby movie was really bad and even funny, this one looks amazing. 

BEST BOOK EVER. BEST DIRECTOR EVER. GONNA BE DOPE!

-but WHY tobey maguire? He's the worst

I dont even know what this movie us about and i never read the book but im pretty sure they didnt have rap or autotune back in the 1920's

Read the book, you wont regret it :)

Tobey Maguire's face at 1:05 is like "Why is an Indian actor playing the role of a southerner?"

This looks awful. I was optimistic- something just feels off to me. Leo doesn't seem bad.... but everything just seems tacky and trashy... I dunno... 

Wtf is this movie about?

amen

shut the fuck fagget

No it's not standard I'm afraid. I don't know anyone who read that book in school. The educational system here in Ireland is obsessed with To Kill A Mockingbird and Shakespeare so not many people my age have the read the book. The CONCEPT (sic) that you could spoil the ending is far from ridiculous 

Getting a weird "Sin-City" vibe!

Sooooo not how I pictured it :O

Former Spider-Man

I read, the book.  Not my favorite but hey the movie might still be good

fickle teen age comment alert; leo may not be a jack dawson anymore but i still would

that was just an awful trailer, it didnt explain shit.

the song in the beginning makes the 1920s look fucking awesome

daisy you whore

i thought she had black hair? doesn't she?

lol how's that an argument? There are still plenty of people who didn't read the book. Just put "SPOILER" in the beginning of your comment and everybody knows you're spoiling it. And seriously if we want to know something about it, we'll google it. I don't need ur attempt for attention about how the book ends among the comments. Like I said, your comment's not helpful at all.

yes yes YES YES YES!

The Great Gatsby was published in 1925. If you haven't read it by now, the very CONCEPT that someone could spoil the ending for you is ridiculous. I mean, this has been standard middle school in-class reading for the past 30 years! NO ONE IS SPOILING IT FOR ANYBODY.

First song: Kanye West & Jay-z - No Church in the Wild
Second song: Jack White - Love is Blindness

Lol tobey will always be spiderman :)

AASHOLE WHAT THE FUCK YOU HAVE NICE DAY IN HELL SIR GOOD DAY TO YOU I HOPE YOU DONT ALWAYS RUIN GREAT WORKS OF ART

Romeo and juliet was not ruined it just a different take on it and it was brilliant


this gives me goosebumps


No body rage at me 
but its looks very good but what is the plot is it a rommance or a action or drama but looks very good

Where's Vincent Chase?


WORST CASTING EVER. 


and Jay-Z

You suck Mr spoiler asshole. Yes I have read the book twice, but I'm not a douche who would spoil it by revealing the end. Maybe the "retards" would read the book, or at least not sleep through class when being taught it, if they enjoyed the movie. Way to fuck up great literature for the next generation. 

I noticed by the insane overuse of autotune

Hate that it's in 3d :(
And isn't Jordan supposed to have red hair?
Great casting, though

I think a lot of high school books were boring but i read GREAT GATSBY from cover to cover, cant wait to see this!

I couldn't get into the book in High School either, but read it later in college and loved it. You should give it another try some time.

For all those saying that they're mad because people are spoiling the book for them: Shut up lol! You chose to watch the video and read people's comments. Your fault, just felt I would put that out there :P

THIS IS SO LUHRRMANN!

Did I just see Amitabh Bachchan in the movie?! :D

the beginning of this trailer reminds me of Tron Legacy LOL

I hated being forced to read this in high school, but I will love watching this of my own volition.

Fuckin English class... This is gonna be a boring movie

Lmao! You silly bastard...it IS available on iTunes. It's a cover of a U2 song that's part of a whole album of U2 covers from their album Achtung Baby. It's only available with the album though. But blame U2, NOT Jack White.

This is EXACTLY how I pictured the 1920s. The music in the beginning of the trailer makes the whole era just seem so...so cool lol 

From the creators of Bioshock? lol


I remember reading this for school! lol

Jay Z must make a mint out of trailer music alone

I always wanted a director to use U2's love is blindness in a trailer. That cover was okay. Kind of pointless when the original is better.

You forgot about the people who are reading the book right now...
Thanks a lot.

Not going to lie, I couldn't into the book in highschool, used sparknotes instead. However, this looks pretty good!

I totally loved the music. I mean, Jay-Z was just the epitome of the jazz age am I right? And I'm also so glad that they didn't go with any cliche artists like Louis Armstrong or Jimmie Rodgers, that would just destroy the historical connection, severing any hope of connection or immersion. Yup, they made some great choices right there.

The first one was great and one of the few movies that did a book justice.

thanks for spoiling both the movie and the book for me. asshole.

kanye west&jayz-no church in the wild

No Church In the Wild -- Jay-Z and Kanye West

We finished reading this book right before winter break this year in my English class...otherwise I wouldn't care about this movie let alone want to see it. I'm liking Leonardo as Gatsby, and it seems like many of the elements from the book are kept intact. This is generally a good sign for a movie based off a book! :)

No Church In THe Wild is THE BEST song that could have been chosen for this trailer.

First shot looks like Sim City.

I hope that tobey maguire realizes how big an actor he's talking to at 1:05

FOR THE RETARDS WHO DIDN'T READ THE BOOK AND ARE JUST EXCITED ABOUT LEONARDO DICAPRIO, GATSBY DIES.

Have a nice day.

Studying that book for GCSE english

Anyone know the name of the song in the intro?

you obviously didn't read try to read it

Tobey Maguire Is Great in this trailer.

when does it come out? It says Christmas at the end but I thought it was June? Confused..

I think it showed Myrtle at 2:06.

My gosh, at first I was pretty skeptical of the music choice... threw me off a bit... but then I felt like I was part of the story again, just like the book... every time. So excited :]

It looks forced

leonardo dicaprio was a perfect choice for gatsby!

Get the Oscars ready.

OH MY GOD!!! THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!! I love this era; I love the story; I LOVE Leonardo DiCaprio and I neeeeeed to see this! The costumes, the music, the cast, the drama - It looks stunning! <3 I cannot wait!!! Eeeeeeek <3

This makes the book look almost look interesting. almost

what song is this?

yawn

Kanye West - No Church In The Wild

3D?! Why the FK is this 3D?

What song is this @0:07

where's Vinny Chase?

Bleh.

A very intresting take on an old classic ill have to see this

I think it's due to the fact that Baz used more modern music in Moulin Rouge and people have "the fear" that he'll do the same here. Personally, I'm curious about the film. One of my favorite books and movies. Hard to go wrong with Redford. We'll see. 

Music is great, love the modern look and feel from the trailer, looks amazing. But ugh, I cannot see Tobey McGuire and not think it's Peter Parker.

OMG Amitabh Bachchan!

looks pretty terrible

looks better than the original! 

Great! Now a movie to cheat on the book test with! lol

I wish they would keep the music in some form or another.  It adds a feeling to the picture.  Probably becuase it can be used to convey a party versus "tea time" versus having fun.  Important that one aspect of the movie is modern enough to do this or it will be easy to get lost and become confused.

i keep seeing peter parker..

Lol well I was looking for the second one, I found it though. It`s Love is blindness by Jack White. Thanks though.

What the f*ck!
That stupid song by Jack White, titled "love is blindness" is not available on iTunes. F*CK JACK WHITE! Make your sh*t available on iTunes cause the rest of the album ain't too good....

:O This is EXACTLY how I imagined it when I read it - Completely. Wow.

WHAT SONG IS ON THIS TRALER?

i am so psyched for this!!!!!

OMIGOD this look fucking amazing!!! hope it lives up to the book :)

Also, did people seriously expect Baz Luhrmann to use music from the 1920's era? 

spectacular. music is fucking great

Amitabh Bachan!!! gonna watch this film just for him ^^

ikr!

Yeah seriously who ever is complaining about the music in a movie trailer for the God's sake.  Something is wrong

New York City has NEVER been that clean. EVER!
No litter and crystal clear waters? What was that?
I do like that they are taking risks, but Robert Redford's version might be better.

From the looks of the preview, the movie is pretty spot on with the book. They even have the same dialogue as in the book. The Great Gatsby is my all time favorite book and I'm so excited! 

What song is this?

amen sir amen

OMG Can't wait!! :D

I bet schools are still going to show the 70's version cuz this one looks a bit racy lol

i think it looks bomb. music doesn't bother me at all

What are you talking about? East and West Egg are lavish. Fitzgerald's talents shine through in his party descriptions with overflowing color and bright lights. The Valley of Ashes is colorless, but it's not the entire book (and even there the Doctor's eyes are yellow against the grey). The book is about their carelessness, as represented by their grand parties. And the 20's was ALL about color! 

I'm gonna disagree with most of you and say this soundtrack rocks! It works with the tone and style of the trailer! 



I agree! Someone marked your comment as spam, and I couldn't unspam it!

The ONLY scene I wanted to see:  at 2:10  I get a third of a second...  

What's the name of the song?

This is genius. I can't wait to see it... This has got to be one of the most fashionable movies of all time. The glitz, the glam...it's very 20's. I personally loved the music of the trailer too. This IS the modern version of a classic tale. This to me is...PERFECTION.

Nick is in no way a supporting character therefore Tobey Maguire is not a supporting actor.

This film would be much  better in my opinion if there was less colour in everything. Too me the book's theme's of the grey, morally corrupt lifestyle that they all lead (hence the valley of ashes) is reflected in the hue of the imagery in my mind. This doesn't sit well with me.

"Love Is Blindness" by Jack White 

what is the name of the opening song?

TIME TO CHANGE SHORTS


Ah, I knew I'd never see the end of The Great Gatsby. A Level English always comes back to haunt me, I feel like I owe it to myself to watch this... :P

WHERE ARE THE GREEN LIGHTS!?

Spolier is you havent read the book!!!!!!!!!!!



why is Leonardo DiCaprio always dying in movies 

It's Baz Luhrmann. The music will most likely be in the film. 

What's with the sucky modern music? Use swing and big band or anything that's actually appropriate for the 20s 

where is Vincent Chase? 

That comparison made me throw up in my mouth.

Leonardo di Caprio is slowly becoming Orson Welles. For better or worrse.

when i hear nick a see joseph gorden levitt

no, 'as well', not Isabelle 

Finally, someone talking sense. Everyone knows the Gatsby story, it's Lurhmann's job to refresh to the modern screen. The classic book is not going anywhere, so it can't hurt to try something new and make an adaptation as he has done with the likes of Romeo and Juliet. I think this looks spectacular. And yes, that drama is what counts, and it looks spot on to me :)

Beginning looked like the party scene in romeo and juliet

wtf is with the damn music?

Why are people going on about the soundtrack? This is the soundtrack for the TRAILER not the actual FILM. I'm sure when it comes to the film it will have the Jazz that people are asking for. For me, it looks dramatic and character driven, the actors are great and it's got Baz as the director - it has the potential to be amazing.

that song is dirty. new york is dirty. therefore the song choice is perfect. get bent.

Personally, I think the modern music addition is a good thing.  Now, I am as big of a fan of jazz as anyone I know, but the music doesn't have the same impact on our modern culture as this music does.  If jazz was used, it wouldn't get across the emotional and intense mood of the book, and would come off as dull and boring to those who don't know jazz.  This should be good.

[cue supporting actor Tobey Maguire] 

Fail.

After Moulin Rouge?  I'm anxious to see what this guy can do with hit....I'm betting this time, they may pull it off!

It's Baz Luhrmann. Of course it's going to be interesting music choices.

I'm a lit. major, who usually prefers the book (unless it's a book after 1980 made into a movie, in which case, it IS sometimes better than the book!).

This is a Gatsy that might do it, it has the look, and the feel.
The problem has been they try to simply "imitate" the book, and expect people to 'feel' the drama, b ut it doesn't work that way.
The book's power is in its prose, it's embedded in the narrative, and can't be separated.
Maybe this time they'll look to the drama first!! And succeed

shit just wasnt that cool back then. 

i'll pass

Jack White's cover of U2's "Love is Blindness."  

This trailer is advertising a period drama based on a book.

why 3D tho?

I never thought I'd live in a world where I'd be worried that a film version of "The Great Gatsby" would have too many special effects. 

I'm actually excited for this, though. Looks interesting. 

^read the book


he said isabelle not daisy...
???

It's a book. A fucking masterpeice, not a peroid drama.

what about the book

Fuck my life. 

2:06 Scary Tobey is Scary

I don't like period dramas and I have never seen the original version of this film, but there is something strangely inviting about this film...

What song is playing at the end??

chicken drips

It's a Baz Lurman movie...

It's Baz Luhrman, he usually does modern music in different time periods - Moulin Rouge, Modernized Romeo & Juliet 

This is going to be SICK

how has leonardo dicaprio never won an oscar?! he is brilliant and by far one of the best actors out there today. he is constantly evolving and creating new characters every movie that he does. he is amazing <3 i will definitely be seeing this.

so what is this about again?

Not sure how I feel about this. The casting looks amazing. But I'm not a huge fan of Moulin Rouge and it's contemporary style and, let's be honest, messy story telling with constant shifting camera. I'd hate to see such a great piece of literature turned into another 'artsy, fast paced story for a new generation that's just not done well. But then again, with such good casting, I may be surprised. 

"...and the liquor was cheaper?" 

Gatsby is one of my favorite books, but that line just doesn't fit being that they were knee-deep in prohibition in 1922.

@0:31  INDIAN SUPER STAR BIG .B 

In reality, these are the people they should have chosen:
Gatsby: Simon Baker
Nick: Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Daisy: Kate Bosworth (can't act but Daisy says stupid things anyway)
Jordan: Catherine Zeta-Jones (Think Chicago) or even Maggie Gyllenhaal

Always going to be a dissapointment, the book is too good. Nevertheless I will try and enjoy it as a film on it's own.

dicaprio is the only reason to see this, i'm actually pretty let down with this trailer. the overuse of CGI is distracting and while the rap music can work sometimes out of period, the roaring 20s should never ever have rap music. at least the costumes and sets capture the 20s, i'm hoping it's just a mediocre trailer for a decent film. 

that was the point of that movie...soulless and loveless people drifting through life without meaning or spirit...the only one with any life or spirit in the movie was Gatsby's father

a Academia está devendo um Oscar á DiCaprio

Like if you're 426,542 viewer! 

that's what baz luhrman tends to do. it works in his other movies, here...who knows

Terrible soundtrack choice, and the acting seems quite... wooden in parts. This suddenly doesn't look as promising as I'd hoped. =/

I'm pretty sure this is exactly what F. Scott Fitzgerald had in mind when he was writing the novel...Kanye West included. Fail.

I loved Moulin Rouge and Romeo + Juliet so I'm hoping Baz pulls out the stops for this...I think it looks promising, personally, PLUS when has Leo ever given a poor performance??

If somebody ever deserve an oscar as the best leading role than its Mr. Leonardo Dicaprio!!!!

"New York, 1922..."

[cue music by Kanye]

Fail.

Baz does it again

"in no way detracts from it" -I disagree

"doesn't make baz's interpretation wrong" - It kinda does

Yikes...this looks terrible.

well there's another book ruined

don't quite understand the soundtrack choice given the time period it's set at...but looks like it will be great nonetheless.

Just love Amitabh bachan's Beard  :D


This is my all time favorite book! I'm excited to see how they do this! :)

(SPOILER)

He turns into spider-man in the middle of the movie, that's where the action begins.

Shouldnt spiderman be saving the world not partying in the twenties?

Tobey Maguire, world-famous from Spder-Man 1-3

you hated the Great Gatsby!? who are you? Satan or a Twilight fan? 

ahhhhhhh U2 songs :3

this should have been shot on film i think


I had a dream about how you should take me to Swaziland.

uhhh it's baz luhrman. don't underestimate baz luhrman's ability to turn what you think should be completely upside down. and it always works.

always.

bECAUSE a gATSBY pARTY dONT sTOP... lOL

you've GATSBY kidding me

DiCaprio will portray this perfectly as always, I can just tell :)

wE gET wHAT yOU mEAN mATE

wHAT wAS wRONG wITH tHE fIRST fILM? aLL tHESE dAMN rEMAKES oF cLASSIC fILMS mAKE mE sICK aRE tHEY rEALLY rUNNING oUT oF mOVIE iDEAS tHAT bAD... *sIGH* nEEDLESS tO sAY iM gOING tO sEE tHIS aNYWAY sO i cAN cRITIQUE iT sO hARD, iM gOING tO cRITIQUE tHE sHIT oUT oF iT...

is shitty

shitty trailer

Well, what about hot jazz?

You dislike Leo, Jesse, and Seth Rogen... Damn that sucks

where's Vinny Chase?

Ain't no party like a Gatsby party

Wow, what a letdown.

Why is everyone hating on the song? It's not even that bad...

looks lavish and stylized and awesome!

oh no, this looks like it's going to be crap.  no all-star cast can make up for a mis-cast director.  

The book costs like $2 at any used book store worth it's salt. Go read it!

This movie looks fucking beautiful; this is a very interesting choice of director and hopefully the outcome will be the same.

what was the first song ?

This kind of music simply, clearly DOESN'T MATCH with the bloody film!

and compare Total Eclipse and this boys life.

...WTF?  They couldn't find any attractive leading men for these roles?? 

The only movies where that is the case is The Departed, Gangs of NY and Body of Lies. I'll humor you and say ok you're right, so does that mean Robert De niro, Al pacino, Joe Pesci, Jesse Eisenberg, Seth Rogen, Jason Segal, and Marlon Brando all play the same flat, static characters? If you bitch b/c Leo plays a similar role in 3 movies then you should bitch about all the other actors choice of roles.

whats the first song?

I used to no like Leo. I've grown to like him. He truly is a brilliant actor.  

thats the girl from drive! lol she looks alot like that kid actress Chloe Mortez

I don't know this skinny man.

Why the hell is there contemporary music?

yeah but you do realise you can read books that are 80 years old right

booooooring

music was not as lyrical in the 1920s as it is now.

if you saw baz's romeo and juliet, you can see how he borrows aspects from both the context the original work was produced as well as the context of the era it is born into. Adds a universality to the work and in no way detracts from it. I'm pretty sure there's a lack of handguns and floral shirts in the original romeo and juliet, doesn't make baz's interpretation wrong.

They'd better not fuck this up…

And then I saw Amitabh Bhachchan haha. =P


the music gets fit with the trailor beautifully n one more thing i have'nt read novel yet....is there anyone else with me?

So, I'm sitting down to watch a trailer of Great Gatsby, and I am assaulted with Church in the Wild?? WHAT? Other than that, looking forward to this immensely =)

Yaay, Amitabh Bachan!!

Tobey Maguire can't act.

0:31 
It's Amitabh Bachchan ?

WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW EXCITED I AM FOR THIS MOVIE!! I GET BUTTERFLIES EVERY TIME I SEE THE TRAILER! I AM SO GOING TO THE MIDNIGHT PREMIERE!!

love is blindness jack white. no church in the wild kanye west

right! everyone's all worried. this director's not one for anachronisms.

Hey moron, you realize that this movie is based on a book (something you've probably never read) that was published in 1925, long before Hitler's rein. Its a period piece about the upper class in the 1920s in America, and there weren't many non-white upper class people in that period of history. 

i dont really see why the music has to be 1920's just because of the setting. and its extremely unlikely that it will be in the movie

looks like shit

is no one else horrified?

Carey's look isn't really how I imagined Daisy but she's a good actress so hopefully she'll pull it off

HAHAHAHAHA WHY WOULD THEY USE A WATCH THE THRONE SONG FOR A FITSGERALD BOOK MOVIE Trailer.. LOL besides Denzels already used it...

Movie trailers are usually cut and scored by marketing teams who had nothing to do with the editing and scoring of the actual movie. I would expect that non of this music will be in the actual movie


Hmm. 

I also had to find out what 'assuaged' meant after reading your comment

gorgeous

If it fits with the tone of the movie and the director feels it fits, then I don't see any problem with using modern music in a movie about the 20's. Its gonna be tough to find music from the 20's that fits too.

the song is called 'no church in the wild' -- seems appropriate

Get hyped! But wasn't it in Chicago?

Tobey Maguire is esactly what I pictured Nick to look like and Leonardo is what I pictured Gatsby to look like. What a great actor choice

Oh come on. I'm guessing you've never seen Moulin Rouge or Romeo + Juliet? This is Baz Luhrman, and his movies are about style.

I think it looks and sounds amazing.

You must take in count that the movie is directed by Baz Luhrmann and he has very interesting way of representing every story, so I'm not surprised with the choice of music. 
I'm definitely going to see this. I loved Moulin Rouge, one of my favourite movies ever!

Everyone needs to stop acting so high and mighty because you've read the book, if you don't want to be dissapointed don't watch the fucking movie, the movie is not the book nor is it changing it

Why the fuck is there an option for 3D

Mis-cast? There are some excellent actors in this film...but you're right about the music. 

to me it is

Well this looks to be utter wank

Are you on drugs?

I wish Black people would take ownership of their social problems, too. That and $1.59 will get me a cup of coffee.

Dom Cobb and Peter Parker... this must be a dream within a dream!

the great gatsby is definitely NOT a love story.

the reason its an all white cast is because all the characters in the book its based on are white

hitler had it right?? are you sure thats what you mean?

your argument seems kinda contradictory

THIS IS HORRIBLY MISCAST!!!!!!!
WHAT IS WITH THAT MUSIC!
NOOOO! MY FAVORITE CLASSIC LOVE STORY IS RUINED!!!!!!!!!!

the music isnt out of place!!! its probably not gonna be in the film but it makes all the themes of excess and wealth relevant to today!! its just drawing parallels between 20s society and todays.  

nothing says 1922 like autotune, confetti, and grinding

i dont get why movies keep using no church in the wild for their trailer music. this is like the 6th movie this year that has used that song.

brendan conlon

I hope to so many deities that this turns out as good as the trailer and the book.

Lol, I new that this was a Baz film as soon as I clicked on it. So beautiful and colorful. Im all over this. Ive never read the book, Ill do that first.

To all the haters, everything shown in the trailer happens in the book, it just may look a little different then it might be classically portrayed. Also the music in the trailer, won't be in the movie.

Leo has a certain character that he carries into every role with him that has no spot to fill Gatsby's shoes. His personality in most films is drastically different to the one he will be acting here. He will be in complete control of everything around him as always, but his attitude is completely new for Leo. 

Why yes that is a zebra in the pool. That man's party's are "Legen-Wait For it-Dary"!

HOLY SHT I JUST JIZZED MY PANTS

oh the crazy shirt-throwing scene..


Nick is suppose to be the main character...this trailer gives too much away about Gatsby...where is the mystery the book provided?

This looks like vomit inducing shit. They turned me off with the choice of music.

That Gatsby and his sycophants were soulless & dark. Beautiful, but, without any heart, soul, or love. That was the point of the movie as I saw it.  The only one with real soul or love in the film was his father.  I grew up around people like that so it struck a nerve.  Redford was one of the last Hollywood handsome guys with screen presence who could act. Otherwise, Paul Newman would not have teamed up with him.  We'll all see about this one. But, I just dont get Leo or modern Hollywood. :)

Tnx so much. :)

I like the original, but this, this looks a BAZillion times better. 

@komalsamra the song is Jack White's cover of U2's Love Is Blindness :)

Dicaprio !?
.
Seriously !?
.
.
BU-WA-HA-HAAAA

When was the last time Leonardo Di Caprio was seen NOT wearing a suit?

U2 - Love is Blindness

They seem to have made it look much more dramatic than the book ever really did for me :L

a cover of U2's "Love is Blindness" by Jack White

THE FIRST MOVIE REALLY WASNT THAT GOOD AND DID POORLY IN BOXOFFICE.. IF ANY DIRECTOR CAN MAKE A REMAKE BETTER THEN THE ORIGINAL  IT WOULD BE BAZ LUHRMANN FORM THOSE OF YOU THAT DONT KNOW BAZ DIRECTED ROMEO +JULIET ANDMOULIN ROUGE SO YOU CAN SEE WHY THIS IS SO COLORFUL..AS FOR ME LEO NEEDS TO GET OUT OF HIS COMFORT BOX  I HOPE DJANGO UNCHAINED WILL BE THAT,, LEO PLAYS A SLAVE OWNER

this better be by the book


I hope the music in this trailer is not in the movie. Massive mismatch. So mismatched that it's jarring. What's next? Disco music for a Civil War movie? Jazz soundtrack for a movie about Christopher Columbus? Dumb. And this is coming from a major Jack White fan! His song used here is great... but it don't match the feel of the 1920s. It doesn't belong. Sorry. Are they making a period movie or trying to market some popular songs for today's musical tastes? The two *don't* always go together!

I feared another cinematic hash of my favorite novel .... those fears have been assuaged. 

On The Road is a shit book so i wouldn't care who played Marylou. You still have not told me what "fun" has to do with the original book...

Way different than the Robert Redford one or the Paul Rudd one and 2x almost modern than the book

Tobey Maguire is a very good choice for Nick Carraway :-)
I know if they change the story in the movie to make it more 'dramatic' I'll be shaking my fist in the cinema! The book was perfect!

the song people! I need the name of the song!!

No Church In The Wild

i have hope for this

What's the name of the first song? I can't remember. 

so there was rap music back in the 20's?

GOD I HATE AUTOTUNE

i was talking about his post Titanic roles

What are your thoughts about this trailer? IMHO, I am a bit worried about how much Baz is in here. Thoughts? 

They may very well screw up a classic. 

I am super excited to see this version. LOVE the soundtrack love everything. 

amitabh bhachan...no words

This isn't anything like i imagined while reading the book... but that's not necessarily a bad thing. LOVED romeo + juliet. Lookin' forward to this!

I'm glad I'm not the only one.


this is a terrible sound track


omfg, leonardo still looks so hot.


Needs more green light

I would say, compare The Departed to Titanic

You should say, "Go read the book." Dumb ass. The movie was terrible.

My excitement for this cannot be contained!! What a wonderful christmas present this will be :D

I disagree, but if he does, then so does Tommy Lee Jones and Clint Eastwood and Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis and Liam Neeson and Michael Caine and Robert Downey Jr. and Christian Bale and Nicholas Cage and Johnny Depp and...

I agree.  A lot of great actors get type-cast though.  Producers notice they play one sort of role really well and keep offering them that exact character, not giving them the chance to branch out.  That's one reason a lot of film actors do stage shows in their downtime, so they can play a different character.  Precious few people (Christian Bale and Ed Norton are a few examples) avoid being type-cast in film by being really selective and going after radically different roles.

Are you being serious? This version is so much better, and cinematic and captures the hectic 20s so much better! And BAS LUHRMAN 

I guess it's not just about the looks that determines success in acting

I got excited at seeing Amitabh, too, but apparently the role's not too big.

fuck off you dick

did they buy views? lol, sad

TITANIC was successful despite DeCaprio...now, he is a booze and dope bloated fatso ...unappealing....

yeah ive read the book for A level and loved it. Everything about it. I thought the version with Redford was ok , bit over rated and think this version is going to be far more engrossing

Carey Mulligan <3 Been following her work since she was Sally Sparrow, wow she's come a long way :) 

Tobey Maguire <3! 


yea missed the roaring 20's when black people had so much fun to go with their civil rights (0:11)...

The music sucks...kinda ruined it for me...Hope the movie is better

0:30 amithab.. respect!

Yup, it's almost a novella in length, so you can afford to be reasonably faithful. Looks a bit more exciting than the comatose Robert Redford version.

Fun? Have you read the book? If you have please tell me what was "fun" about it. How anyone can defend this being in 3D is beyond me. You sir are a philistine.

00:43 *le wild Dicaprio appears* Me: *faints*

its the Jack White Cover, not the U2 original

this is what a remake is supposed to look like....they did good in that department 

I fuckin hate toby maguire what an overrated piece oif shit

WTF why is there 3D version of it

Maybe a read the book too long ago because other than the party nothing looks familiar

obviously not. This is gonna be a fun movie , relax!

Though i love his movies but di Caprio is so overrated along with Russell Crowe

whats the first song ? i like the look of how this 20's based novel has been adapted into film again with a modernisitic twist. GOING TO BE EPIC!

A lot, surprisingly. To me, it looks like they've taken a lot of the book and turned it into a movie (Meeting with Wolfshiem, The valley of ashes with the Dr poster thing and so on). I can hear a lot of lines from the book too. Bar majorly hyper-stylising it, this looks like it could be a pretty faithful adaptation. :D

The Great Gatsby in 3D?? What next....."Adam Sandler Re-makes Citizen Kane"?? 
"Pauly Shore in The Catche in the Rye"?  Just stop it!!!!!!!!!!

ohh I'm so excited :D

My favorite book of all time. This movie will be awesome.

I hope the Mars Volta's "The Widow" makes it onto the soundtrack.

because he is not a great actor

The other song is 'Love is Blindness' by U2

Wtf lol 2:08 ??

So can't wait for the movie and soundtrack.

Jesus. Whoever is in charge of spelling should be fired. 

I have that odd feeling that this movie will have a contrary end to what the book has.

If you happened to see the extended Cinema Con 2012 trailer, Baz mentions that the story of The Great Gatsby is even more applicable today. 

"No Church in the Wild" punctuates that if you listen to the song. Also, Baz had played Jay-Z's music on the set during scenes as an ice breaker and a tone setter.

Well...Luhrman fucked this one up too.

the movie looks  so huge and colorful ... the music is great too and amitabh bacchan is in the movie too....... great .


...What's your definition of great?

Shut the fuck up the music is great. 

Can't wait!
The music in this trailer is amazing. How could anyone take issue with Jack White being used in this trailer?  Very well done. (And yes, I know it is a U2 cover)

Jay-Z & Kanye West - No Church in the Wild
U2 - Love is Blindness

what is the first song's title anybody?


Does anybody know the names of the songs playing in the trailer?


I'm confused about the autotuned music.... but I think the rock music would go well considering it's Baz

AMITABH BACHCHAN!! IS THE BEST

I have. So?

if i'm honest, i always found the great gatsby really buggering dull when we read it in school, but this looks bloody fantastic.

Where's Vincent Chase?

the music of the trailer is solely to set the mood, and not indicative of the music to be scored for the film itself. It's just to get you guys into paying $20 a ticket come December. Frankly, the music sets the mood correctly, IMHO

LDC is a great actor, but he does the same fucking role in every movie!

Its going to be amazing! Leo is by far the best actor!

why don't you like him?

This trailer isn't good, but that doesn't mean the movie won't. Does anybody know how I could strip the music out of this (but keep the dialogue) I wanna fix this trailer.

This made my week- I CAN'T WAIT!!!

This was easily my favorite book ever, I hope the movie doesn't disappoint.


wait a sec. i thought vincent chase doing the great gatsby

looks good except the cheap, immoral, obscene music

Can I interrupt all your arguing and just be completely shallow for a second and say Leo is lookin goooood. And Tobey, too.

LoL, yeah, cause he's so famous in the western world, he has a relatively small part compared to the others who were mentioned there, he'll be seen near the top at the credits at the end of the movie of course

People who complain about 3D are the same as the ones who complained about VHS, DVD, Bluray, etc.

I'm sorry that technology is progressing faster than you can handle.

Looking VERY Baz Lurmanny (if that was a word) not sure if thats good or not but this is my favorite book and it hasnt had a good adaptation yet

Can't wait! Loved the book and previous movie!

This looks like it could be great even if it's far too loud and boisterous to really represent the book. Here's hoping it's good.

why would they mention him if he is not one of the main characters? I've read the book and in it  his role isnt major,, there is no reason to mention him in the trailer. But he will certainly most probably have his name mentioned between the first 10 when the credits are rolling in the end.. 

Same! No Church in the Wild actually fits the mood perfectly... "What's a God to a non-believer?" - all about power structures or lack there of. And has that perfect feeling of impending hysteria. 

lol, 3d? you kidding me?  Trailer looks great

0:05 - 0:36

What other recent trailer was that song in?? It's bothering me!

Have you guys who are complaining about the song actually listened to the song?  It's Jack White's cover of "Love is Blindness" by U2.  Even before Jack White covered it and it came on this trailer, as someone who LOVED the novel, I thought the song was the epitome of Gatsby's view on Daisy.  I mean, listen to the lyrics.  Then say the song doesn't fit.  

Too much rouge.

i heard that the 3d part is supposed to be cool. I think its supposed to be less about the images but more about the color. I dont know, the whole thing seems odd. But well see

wow they are even doing period dramas in 3D, now you know movies have gone to shit !

Baz Lurman always uses anachronistic soundtracks. Romeo + Juliet and Moulin Rouge. If you hated those, you will not like this movie. Personally, I am SO looking forward to it. 


Second song is really a great choice for the movie. Called 'Love is blindness' and is really the truth for Jay Gatz. He's blinded by love, and is only able to view his love with Daisy as success, everything else he has accomplished is meaningless to him. I guess I'm one of the few who enjoyed the music in the trailer... Well... Maybe not so much the first song ;)

love the great gatsby

spider-man is back 

what is gatsby??is it the hair spray?

I actually appreciate the Kanye/Jay-Z in this.

He's appearing as a Cameo

True. There's something about HAVING to read a book that automatically makes it annoying, I know.

I didnt like it the first time round, but I tried another time and really thought about what it meant, and now its my favourite!!

Sadly yes there are :/ I love the book personally but none the less those who think less of it do exist. 

relax, its just a trailer

but i thought vince chase was gonna be in this movie.........fuck u tobey maguire

they didnt have autotune back then


LOL well hes tryin to make it modernized...but hopefully i won't be as bad as that 1940's Julius Caesar play I saw with my class a year ago...-_-  however I'm rlly looking forward to this movie. We saw the original too, and it was great. This will probly attract more people to the classic book tho.

Someone should tell them they have misspelled "Ziegfeld Follies" in Times Square--they have it spelled "Zeigfeld".  Other than that, looking forward to it!

Just read the book.

Dear lord. This is just the music for the trailer. Im sure Craig Armstrong will give the film a believable 1920s feel. 

WHAT BEAUTIFUL SHIRTS WAAAAHHH


This looks great! I used to hate on Leonardo DiCaprio, but now I look forward to anything he's in.

Everyone chill out about the music. Of course they will be swing and jazz in the film! I like the way they've used Jay-Z and Kanye West, I think it's very clever. Can't wait to see the film!

this has the potential to be the best, or even worse than redford's interpretation 

I dont understand why peter parker gave up his spider powers 

Second song is Jack White's cover of U2 - Love is Blindless.


Excellent question. This book is supposed to be about the 1920s jazz movement!

No Church In The Wild 
Kanye and Jay-Z
I don't know the second one. 

I WANNA SEE THE VALLEY OF ASHES

not bad. I tip my cap to you.

Hey people, know your directors! The director from "Romeo + Juliet" puts a very modern spin on ALL of his movies, there might be some jazz and old nostalgia, but not much. Just see the "Romeo + Juliet" soundtrack, you aren't going to hear too many 1591 ballads. So calm down about the music choice and enjoy it.

Praying that the crap-ass soundtrack is only for the trailer ... These visuals, though, are great. 


I was afraid Baz was going to Moulin Rouge the fuck out of this.

Works of art made in any time period reflect upon that time period . So this movie will be Fitzgerald story , but will have bits and pieces of today inserted in, in a subtle manner. Also this is just the trailer so this isn't just soundtrack.

S why does Nick Carraway look younger than Gatsby in this film?

Oh no, Mr. Gatsby's class.  I got so caught up in what I was doing that I forgot all about it.  He's gonna kill me.

2:08 lmaoo live size wine bottle

wow. this actually looks exciting

I think you should because he does it all the time, and his movies sell...and producers are ready to shelve out a moolah for him to make a movie which as you claim totally ruins the novelty of the setting...unfortunately the same doesn't go for you though..

thanks man, what a great cover :)

You cannot say that because of the first teaser trailer. People are jumping to conclusions. This film will be two hours long, not two and a half minutes. 

This film *had* so much potential. 

Jack White

U2 (1993)

Gatsby? What Gatsby?

Amitabh Bachchan!

love is blindness ?? who is the artist of this song ???

Like I said, I DON'T GIVE A FUCK. He's ruining the novelty of the setting.

Anything with DiCap has to be watched. Period.

waiting to see mr. bacchan



Tobey Maguire and Carey Mulligan seem like great choices (although I'm a bit afraid they'll make Daisy too sympathetic), but I'm not sure about DiCaprio here. Gatsby has a certain genuineness and idealism to him that's central to his character, but it seems like Leo jumps straight into his usual "tragic, disconcerted man who squints a lot" shtick. Hopefully, I'm wrong because this looks like a great production.

lol I guess you didn't get what OP mean't...Baz Luhrmann is known for making out of sync music in periodical movies be it moulin rouge, romeo juliet and Australia

i realize it's Baz Luhrman,but that soundtrack?Honestly!

I don't give a fuck who he is. Where's the music of the time?

Looks like shit, especially Toby and CG cars.

Where is the swing and jazz?? 

SPIDERMAN


Carrie Mulligan is perfect. Her acting abilities are very skilled. Baz is brill! This is going to be awesome. DiCaprio *screams* has the same alluring/captivating charm as Redford *screams again* & Not knocking Toby's acting abilities, but I'm sure being DiCaprio's lifelong friend didn't hurt during casting.

Where the fuck is Vinnie Chase!?

I know in no way can the movie ever live up to the book, the book is one of my all time favorite books. The trailer looks interesting, I just hope they stay true to The Great Gatsby and not just turn it into the shit were obsessed with today just to make a good profit. 

at 00:49 SHUTTER ISLAND scene! when leo dreams about her wife.

Whats the soundtrack

Just finished studying this for English Literature - would have been helpful if it had come out earlier! Feel like I should hate it after learning every meaning in every inch of it, but this looks alright... sort of want to see it!

The man with the beautiful shirts. <3 Caprio is the perfect Gatsby. 
But I seriously want to punch Daisy in the books :P 

PRETTY EFFING EXCITED......HAVEN'T READ THE BOOK IN A WHILE, MIGHT RE-READ IT B4 CHRISTMAS. 

It's a great book.

i learnt The Great Gatsby for literature subject! hhaahha. well, am excited for this XD

I don't have the impression that Carrie did a good job on this as Mia Farrow... But I guess we'll ave to wait and see!

were you in 10th grade b4 1974 when the paul newman version came out?

another dicaprio film?? awesssomee. this man is just too nice at acting. cant wait ... but looks like ill have to re read to book cuz i skimmed through it the first time just to write some dumb essay back in high school.

Oddly fitting music is kind of Baz Luhrmann's thing, plus it makes sense considering the parallels between the 1920s culture and the current attitudes about the wealthy, partying, and extravagance in particular. 

this is going to be the best thing ever i mean the cast is perfect

That would actually be pretty good...

That looks promising :) i'm really excited for this

how about you actually watch the movie first faggot.

the music is haunting and everything looks fabulous
thumbs up from me

Looks great, but the soundtrack needs more Cole Porter and less shit.

ohh so this is what Spiderman been up to..

Looks boring IMO


Spoiler alert: Jon Hamm already does.

It's okay guys, spiderman is there to save the day.

And Amitabh Bachchan

I think DiCaprio is a great actor, but I could picture Jon Hamm playing a better Gatsby.

The book was solidly uninteresting a impressively droll.  I can't imagine a film about singularly uninteresting characters would impress me any more.

it's all very in-season gucci.

Interesting that such an understated novel (my students often have trouble realizing that two characters have died) is being transformed by a director whose films define overstatement.

who else studied this book for their lit class? x)

Got goose bumps upon seeing the eyes of dr. T.J Eckleburg

I like who they casted for Gatsby and Nick! Fits what I imagined from the book! I don't really care about the soundtrack.

didn't wanna read the book, had to read it. don't have to watch the movie, I'm deffo not watching it. 

it's called, obviously, "love is blindness."  it's jack white covering a song from u2's achtung baby

not sure what to think about maguire playing nick....

At first glance it seems so over acted (Both Carey Mulligan and DiCaprio) and a sort of fake musical.

The girl gets hit by a car.

who on earth is going to see this in 3d?

surely an oscar nominated movie for 2012 n fight with batman dark knight


Carey Mulligan could not be more wrong for this if she tried.

We would prefer screening of the Gold Coast by Nelson DeMille.

Criticizing the use of modern music when watching a Baz Luhrman trailer is a bit redundant. Have you not seen his other movies? 

pretty disappointing trailer :(

"Get the hell out'o here" And then he donned the Spidey gear

The second (awesome song) is Love Is Blindness (U2), covered by Jack White. Listen to it here: /watch?v=Iy8po6XUhE4

I meant who's the actress.

yea. great actor. no question, but hollywood is really pushing this gay agenda thing. not really my bag. the movie looks great tho. love those 1920's wardrobes. crazy time to be alive. just like now i guess.

This is one of my favourite books and the movie just looks like it's going to be incredible! I love Baz Luhrmann and so many of the actors in this film. 

WOW, This looks so good, and I'm not normally a fan of Leonardo...but I must admit this looks like a fantastic role for him!

1926, 1949, 1974 (probably the most famous with Mia Farrow and Robert Redford) and 2000 TV film - clearly deemed worthy of adaption!

the songs are aight. Jay-Z, Kanye West, Jack White. What's the problem?

why does bazz luhrmann have to direct it?! his only passable movie was moulin rouge, why does he have the privelege to remake this classic novel and have his choice of a-list actors? NO, get the fuck out of here...

oh god... don't love me to death plz lol


Jack White's cover of it.

a superhot lier?

Man i really dislike that actress

your friend must be super hot or a liar. lol

I see my 10th grade required reading is coming back to haunt me.  When can we expect a live-action Animal Farm in 3D?

Mute and watch the video. 

 it's been too long, Tobey Maguire. Been way too long.

Lol.

The trailer voice was added to this film 

You can find it in my channel or go to this link.
 /watch?v=Swc2m0ZIFKg

I really want to hear your feedback!!! much appreciated


In the past obviously?!?! fucking bronies.

Because it was filmed in 3D. To justify it they'll have to be putting stuff in the front of the camera all the time.

For someone who used the word overly-dramatic you sure seem to like causing drama, if you disagree with my opinion, you don't -have- to comment on it
xx

Nothing says 1920s Long Island like Kanye West and Jay Z

Really? When did this happen? 

Thank you, and you are welcome to your own opinions of course, but I just didn't see the appeal of the book.

How can you possibly say that when you have not even seen it? You are clearly a very pretentious person.

They'll release a NORMAL version in cinema. Why the hell will Gatsby be pointing at you? a 2D version of the film is just like normal non-3D films you see in cinema. Christ...

i know mate, there better be authentic 20's music in the actual film or i'm kicking off. and why the fuck is it 3D, what could that possibly be used for!

I'm assuming that's Jordan

Wow, this looks really... Baz Luhrmann. To quote Michael Bluth, I don't know what I was expecting...

The movie looks great, but who is that black-haired "shall we?" girl?

I can hear the oscar buzz and haven't even seen the movie...who's with me? :D

This will be awesome

When i read the title i thought this was an ad for the brand of hair wax called gatsby

Just look at amitabh bachchan!!! He looks so much perfect!!!

Nick carraway is supposed to be...........more quiet?

The original was terrible. Farrow's Daisy was so annoyingly ditzy, in contrast to Fitzgerald's Daisy, who smart, manipulative and vulnerable all at once. Mulligan seems like a much better Daisy.

I'm not sure if you have read the book or not, but if you have you should realise that the divide is not between rich and poor, it is between old money and new money. New money, being characterised by extravagence and gaudiness, seems to be perfectly expressed by Luhrmann's own extravagent style.

People have drawn some similarities between Jay Z and Jay Gatsby, one of the many reasons the names. Jay Z is new money, just like Gatsby. Admittedly, no church in the wild is a retarded song which definitely should have been a different one, but you can see the point there. 

Trailer Soundtrack =/= Movie Soundtrack

Don't worry, it's just a marketing fail for the trailer. But the movie will have a totally different soundtrack. Still the 2nd song in the trailer suits it perfect.

It is a classic piece of American literature, the writing itself is beautiful, and there is a piece of Gatsby that everyone can relate to. It's a highly enjoyable book!

I agree with your comment about judging classics based on their status, but the Great Gatsby is a truly brilliant book for so many other reasons. 

Jay-z feat. Kanye - No Church in the wild

I definitely hear what you're saying! I understand that the opulence of parties and the stories is essential to the plot, but what isn't is the unrealistic elements for the time. But then again, I guess that glitzy, sort of fantasy-land thing is Baz Lurman's forte. I'm sure no matter what I think about the production and design, the performances will be stunning.

Three reasons I should read the book. Go.

There have already been 4 film adaptions...

It's just the soundtrack for the trailer... I very much doubt that these dongs are going to be in the film. 20s Jazz etc will be used a lot i'm sure. 

No Church in the Wild by Kanye West

Amitabh Bachchan and Leo DiCaprio....i'm lovin it!!!


How about you grow a sense of taste and stop judging "classics" based purely on their status as classics. 

Oh what? So I can sit there and watch all the contrived ways they can make Gatsby point at my face.
Pass.

You realise they'll probably release a normal 2D version for the theatres like they do with other 3D films... talk about being overly dramatic.

Let's NOT judge the movie by the trailer, ok, guys? 'Cause I'm already seeing a lot of hating in the comments.  

Wow, still in Limbo?

I second that motion

If it weren't in 3D and had a period soundtrack I would probably see it but no matter how good story + acting is, 3D makes everything look cheap and tacky(maybe the point?) and a jarringly anachronistic soundtrack will just pull me straight out the film. 
Still maybe one for rental.

*eyeroll* 
How do you make a movie of the most boring book ever?! 
I hated "The Great Gatsby" when I read it in high school and I hate this trailer. 
'Oh, but it's a classic!' I hear you say. well so are a lot of things that don't need to be movies...

Crazy how much worse an already bad movie trailer can seem when they use an awful soundtrack.

I wish they put in the guy whose been in Gatsby library & who end up in his funeral. 
not sure on whether the scene is relevant or not in the movie. But i always like that scene in the book. 


i cant wait to see the 20's in 3d,and to feel like i'm there.Leo and Tobey will make this movie, awesome.

what a fucking letdown, guess i gotta wait 30 more years for a another adaptation (or just stick with the redford one from the 70s)

I love the book and I have been trying to see every film adaptation. Its a great story!

Sorry, I had enough soaring city shots, champagne chugging and glitter bombs when I saw Moulin Rouge. At least Moulin Rouge had midgets. PASS!

WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS OF ALL TIME!?

The original was not amazing. It had some good acting... but the story. -shudders-. I was hoping this would be more true to the book, which it looks like it won't be. 

did anyone notice...there's an apple sign near the right bottom of the screen........

....true -but there have been some movies, such as Atonement, that stayed true to the book: the dialogue was there, the characters, the time period, style, scenery, the way the movie was sequenced, there was no scene in the film that wasn't there in the book, the director did not drastically make a difference in the movie that was contrary to the book. That is what I hope to see in this movie. The director is eccentric, but I want to see a good adaptation of the novel in this film. 

u know, when there's dicaprio in it, its an at least watchable

I can't wait to see this movie!!! 

LEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

hahahahahhahahahahha....i wish scorsese cud hear it...u just killed ur talent a lil..


Hmm this looks way more interesting than the book was
i'm excited to see this :)

the music doesn't fit right

Leo makes me feel like a complete fag wit dat sexy ass, boooooii!

bad soundtrack

The first movie was good-especially Gatsby but it focused on a love story rather than the comments on an excessive society and the futility of the American Dream which the whole book is about.The music is drawing parallels between our society and the 20s and I think Leo's gonna absolutely nail it.The sets look Really good, especially yellow car VS. Valley of the ashes and the bit with T.J.Eckleburg was the most powerful part of this trailer I think - as it should be.This is gonna be AMAZING!



If you read the description, it says " bringing the period to life in a way that has never been seen before". Luhrmann is obviously trying to give a different interpretation of that era and the book. You need to remember films aren't made to follow the books word by word, but to make them appeal to a massive audience, which it looks like he's doing well. 

I have a feeling it's not gonna be a happy ending.

3D nowadays doesn't necessarily mean that there will be things jumping out of the screen at you though. Because it's that Real 3D, it just means it is a higher quality of picture that you are seeing, and doesn't rely on explosions or debris "coming at you" from the screen.

But yeah, it is kinda stupid.

leo looks like half a fag in this.

What does Peter Parker think he's doing

oh my god this looks awful

ooo oo i caught the typo too :) woohoo "Zeigfeld Follies" instead of Ziegfeld Follies at 0.13 

did you not see the valley of the ashes? I think the contrast is pretty blatant

another movie where Leo is gonna die he must love that

Leonardo!!!

looks good..wanna see it

 "The original was incredible" Not according to critics *trollface*

Incredibly unusual choice of music.

be that true, from what i remember from the novel there were pages where Carraway was in utter awe of the lavish wealth and splendor of the society, which was one of the main negative critiques about the original. Like all recordings of that time era what Lurhmann is quite clearly doing is focusing on the "roaring 20s" a term coined by fitzgerald himself. We shouldnt see this film as a "remake" merely and interpretation which will inevitably encourage people to read a great piece of literature  

I liked it better with Vincent Chase

They're not trying to make the same film, hence the new music.

The shirt scene! the Eye of T.J Eckleburg! This looks excellent, and I may even be starting to take back my misgivings about Tobey Maguire as Nick. Jordan looks wonderful, Gaatsb'ys parties are as big and opulent as they are meant to be...yeah, this looks like a wonderful film.

No I came here for Joshua Mbakwe who is a friend of mine that is in this film


the musics drawing parallels between that society and todays??

I think this is gonna be amazing!

I really wish people would stop complaining about the music...This is Baz we are talking about; if you haven't figured it out or gotten used to it in the past 15+ years you are living under a rock

3D can work as an advantage to a film, looks at Hugo. The 3D in that film was amazing. Here however it was added in after shooting, so it may just look like poo.

Same movie/story...higher production value 

No. I agree, the trailer was nice despite the obnoxious out of place score behind it. It completely takes you out of the film. As for the picture itself, it looks like how I imagined it whilst reading, for the most part. 

Leo looks young. must be the Luhrmann effect. :)

This is my favorite author of all time and yet this trailer  makes his greatest work look like a colorful, shiny, dazzling, romantic perfume commercial. I'll still see it but it's the story that has to overcome the beautiful look of the film.

...The Grapes of Wrath?

No church in the wild used for 2 trailers this far...

You mean the way Moulin Rouge had music from the 19th century?

.3D would have come from Luhrman or his they are the ones that have to make it work in 3D - if they didn't want it he would have protested.  No drama's have been released in 3D.  Also, even for a trailer, the music is too juxtaposed to what the story is really about, which the trailer is trying to portray.

The original focused on portraying what is considered to be one of the greatest novels of the 20th century.remember it is told from the perspective of nick carraway-so being subtle with the lavish lifestyle while still showing it worked as he was not of that social standing - he was invited in

bachchan's sir look is great
leo dicaprio is stunning as usual...


I'm a little thrown off by the casting, but am still interested in watching it.

Is it just me or should a film set in the twenties have...y'know...twenties music in it?

Lmao @ 3D

I just do not like Leonardo Dicaprio. 

Soo, DiCaprio is back again...huh....after shutter island, inception, j.edgar...it will be another blust....i hope.

The Great Bachchan.

Welp, this looks terrible. I guess this is as close as Luhrmann gets to being subdued and cerebral. IN 3D!

Probably my favorite novel from high school english class..

What is up with the music? It's the 1920's....

This movie has 2 options:
- to be an epic movie
- to suck

default rule whether or not to watch a movie: watch if leo dicaprio is there

I'm sorry but who the hell did they choose to screech "Love Is Blindness"?  Leave that particular U2 song alone please.

when i read this in high school it sure didn't seem this cool in my head!

3D is hardly his choice...its basically the only way big blockbuster movies are made these days. The original was mediocre. Its showed minimal focus on the over the top lavish life style of the roaring 20s and its quite clear that if Lurhmann has amplified the extent of wealth he will do the same with the poor. As for the music....its the trailer!! The music in the trailer is evidently not the music going to used in the film, its there to make it appeal to a wider audience.

This movie looks great! The cast looks amazing.

I'm glad he's making changes. It takes a much more creative mind to changes than to just copy the original.

what the song in 2pt?

the cinematography looks amazing. makes me for get its based on THE MOST BORING BOOK I EVER HAD TO READ IN HIGH SCHOOL!!!

Is dat spiderman?

It looks soo good! I love The ending to the trailer and I loved the entire book, such a good story! 3

dafuq?? amitabh worked with the great Leonardo diCaprio..amitabh himself said he was stunned by the acting talent he was surrounded by during the shoot!! 

Firstly, this is not a movie that needed to be remade or had a 're-imagining done'.  The original was incredible (written by Francis Ford Copola) with robert redford and mia farrow.  Daisy should have been Michelle Williams, and you can tell he's thrown Joel Edgerton in just for the Aussie factor. The music is all wrong, and the effort Luhrman has gone to with the glamorous sets is going to ruin the contrast between the rich and poor that was created so brilliantly in the original.  And why 3D!?

Thumbs up if you came here for F.Scott Fitzgerald.

Hey Leonardo you worked with Amitabh Bachchan. Great

you think they could've released the movie BEFORE the mayan predicted the end of the world

I just thought Dicaprio stop acting hysterical....then he did it again at 2:12

As a film buff I know that Baz Lurhmann thrives on the post modern. Time matter so much as dramatic ideals. He mixes up everything because that's what he does. Moulin Rouge was ridiculously entertaining because of it's familiarity on a musical scale. It was enjoyable because we recognised the culture that should've seemed completely foreign to us. But yeah, I think this is gonna be great, Baz Lurhman is a good director and for all it's silliness concerning music it's going to be a good watch

1st song NO. 2nd song YES. just a bad edited trailer. They tried to cram to much stuff into it. 
Some cool parts though. 

I know the music doesn't match the story but it matches Baz Lurhmann's style perfectly. He was a music video director, he creates opulent scenery to dive into and that lasts seconds whilst music of a generally modern sound plays in the background. So we know what to expect, how it'll take to the source material is another matter... ... The acting looks good mind...

;-; I'm hearing autotune twenty seconds in. Oh gosh. Anxious now.

Holy shit :D

I need to read the book again...

One could still get their hands on bootleg alcohol during the time--it helps if you read the book.

Wonderful, the guy who did Moulin Rouge is doing one of America's greatest novels. Fantastic. Just fantastic. Oh, and in 3d. Fantastic.

Why are they all drinking at that party? Wasn't this suppose to be during prohibition?

Watch the Throne by Jay Z and Kanye West, followed up by Jack White covering U2?s “Love is Blindness.”

@famousgirl9x9 First song is 'No Church in the Wild' by Jay-Z and Kanye West and the second one is Jack White 'Love is Blindness'.

Having read the book, I can't see how you could make a full-length film of it without changing some things.
1. Why the fuck does this even exist in 3d?
2. Auto... tune...

love is blindness by jack white

BAZ LURHMANN IS GOD

If you're all such "film buffs" then you should know that mixing the old with the new is Baz Luhrmann's style. Just sayin'.

Does anyone know the music and songs in this trailer? Not the autotune one....the other song....

Ziegfeld is spelled wrong. How did no one catch that!?!

@sociopathic3000 True, hopefully it is only in the trailer, but you can't forget that a trailer sells the film. As a film buff it's off putting to be sold on a visual level and on the level of characters and so forth, but then to hear music that doesn't even fit the tone, none the less the era. It's not a huge deal, but it is a notable flaw that kind of ruins a great trailer.

Doesn't look bad at all. It looks like it's gonna deviate considerably in some respects, but that doesn't bother me as long as it's done the right way. I hope to god the first song is just in the trailer. I'm not jumping on the bandwagon here, but any film buff can tell you the music doesn't fit one bit. Wrong decade, and the tone just doesn't match. The second one is beautiful though.

hate the ending weahhhhhh

i wanna watch this! not for spiderman or jack dawson, but for callan mcauliffe!

LOVE THIS


Fantastic............. It oozes Baz Luhrmann. 

and I love it

...the jazz age exactly as it was, watch the Robert Redford version and chill out about the modern feel this one has!

I actually think the modern music fits really well. Just like with R+J, Luhrmann is putting his own stamp on it and giving it the touch of colour that it needs in order to appeal to the current movie going audience which, let's face it, won't have read the book. 

I studied the book in school and while most of my classmates like me, loved the book, they couldn't stand the 1970s movie. Funnily enough we all can't wait to see this version. So to those complaining, if you want a representation of

Leonard DiCaprio looks amazing in this, i loved him in Aviator and Titanic, this should at least be just as good if not better.

Jack White, Jack White everywhere.

Now we just need a The Sun Also Rises movie set to "Niggas in Paris."

YEA!!!!!!!

AHHHH. CAN'T. WAIT.

No Church In The Wild, really???

Why are people freaking out over the music? Do you not remember how Baz Luhrmann seamlessly blended Madonna, David Bowie, Nirvana and Fat Boy Slim in a love story set in turn-of-the-century Paris? I think it'll be ok guys.

what is the first song


First documented "shuffle" done by Waldo at 0:17

I came here to see the one and only Amitabh Bachchan...the greatest actor of them all...!!!!

it's the jazz age who do you think created jazz? I am sure he would have had black jazz performers at his party at least

Leo has played... 
Arthur Rimbaud 
Romeo Montague
Frank William Abagnale Jr.
Howard Hughes 
J. Edgar Hoover
and  now The Great Gatsby(jeez what's next?)


I want to be transported back to the 1920s through a film like "The Great Gatsby" and music is an integral part of evoking the era.  If I really wanted a more modern vibe I'd watch a movie with a more contemporary setting instead.

i really hated the old great gatsby movie so im really excited for this one!

i can't breath. send help.

I'm just itching to ruin the ending for everyone who's going to see this "just for Leo," lol.

Hint: Look back at almost every other film he's done. There's a trend *wink wink*

Thumbs up if you are here for Amitabh Bachann!!!

Was a great novel.  Hope for the same in the movie.

The fuck is this music...

NONE of the music in this trailer fits,  however the visuals are perfect, here's hoping the actual film as period appropriate music

And how is that? I think that the music choice fits the tone of The Great Gatsby perfectly. Especially the lyrics. Now, if you see something different than I do... speak up. 

@jtorr109 *Throne 
Fucking auto-correct

@jtorr109 perfect song. Watch The Thrown

Rude or just ignorant of the concept of opinion? 

ew poor song choice for trailer


It's New York. And honestly, its Gatsby- he can have whoever he wants to have at his party and no one will give a shit. Remember? They were all drunk; too focused on their own selves! 


Sarcasm or just stupid?

They used modern music in Moulin Rouge even though the story is set in the early 1900s.

and why is that? If you are talking about how it might not be exactly like the book, give it a rest. If The Great Gatsby wasn't a book, this would look like an allright movie. If you are speaking about something different, sorry. 

No, I'm going to see it, because I HIGHLY doubt it's going to be featured in the films actual soundtrack. Just a stupid move by Warner Brothers is all.

How cute is Owl Eyes though?

i cried 

it's like a GCSE English acid flashback

I did thumb the post up. However, some kids will take that shit seriously; plus, i kind of have to correct people... its my thing :)

spoiler alert. someone dies

ENOUGH WITH THE REMAKES & ADAPTATIONS! 

...um,I don't think African Americans were welcome to parties like Gatsby's during the time.

Leonardo DiCaprio as GATSBY!?!?? doesn't seem fitting but maybe its just me..

HOW CAN ANYBODY NOT LOVE THIS?
If the film is anything like the trailer, I'd say Baz has captured the essence of the book far more than the old film. 

i never liked cary mulligan. she has the same dopey expression on her face

This is amazing! Baz Luhrmann does it again! I can wait! EPIC WIN

Loved the book.  Like these actors.  Think the director has a way of capturing a moment in time and making it feel contemporary, which Gatsby should.  That said, this is a terrible preview.  I want this to be good.  But if this captures the essence of the film, I'm worried.

Amitabh Bachan!!!


I've watched this 3 times and I still have no idea what the movie is about

whats the song in the 2nd part?

Love the book, HATE DAISY

L
E
O

Remember, Romeo + Juliet was a highly unusual adaptation of a classic.. knowing the director's style I think we can deal with some slightly anachronistic music in a movie trailer people

funniest comment so far

It's almost as if you read the cliff notes yourself.

too bad this is based on my least favorite book... *sigh*

looks quirky and surreal. just like it was supposed to be

exactly

people are so quick to be negative these days

I have zero problems with the trailer music. It was an artistic choice, in my opinion. No Church in the Wild, and Love is Blindness both work with the thematic elements of the book. Think about it for a while, outside of your personal taste (or distaste) for rap music. 

I dont know about you, but I can safely assume that this movie will be very well done strictly based on the fact that Leonardo Dicaprio is in it...

omg beyond excited!

so... a book based on a movie based on a book?

I would reference Inception, but DiCaprio's in this too.

so bad i had to skip through it.. i dont think ive ever done that before :( 



hey hey..take it easy man.

wow

I had no idea that youtube had no sense of humor. I was just just making a joke about how kids always talk about watching the movie version and now the great gatsby (a book most student know) is getting one

Omg I actually love this. Like, wow, it is slightly different and updated, but that is what makes it look so intriguing, and... awesome. The casting is perfection. I don't want to wait until Christmas!

Where's Vincent Chase?!?


dude WHAT THE HELL.

This is probably my favorite book that i read in school. I was referencing how people always joke about how their gonna just watch the movie and now the Great Gatsby (a book most highschoolers are familiar with) is getting one

so... why did you get so mad?

Yeah that dull, awful rap from the 2010s beginning does NOT represent the tone and atmosphere from the 1920s...

Whoever chose the music for the trailer should be fired

i was honestly considering making that same comment

So it's 3D, and the trailer music was way fucking off from what it should have been. Do not disappoint me dammit.

A lot of director's do it (Sofia Coppola.) There was only one rap song in this trailer... it's just a different take on the original. Don't see the movie if it bothers you that much.

i dont think so. Leo is too cool. The way I imagined gatsby was that he appeared to be cool but was rife with insecurity

oh and tobey maguire will ruin this movie 

i didnt see vincent chase in the credits...

Fuck you, this is actually one of the greatest books ever written and it makes me sick when people like you are too lazy to appreciate something as amazing as this. If you have spare time to browse youtube a post comments you're clearly not doing anything interesting with you're life. 

Actually... You're screwed if you watch this. The shirts scene is an important scene and by the looks of the trailer; its not even the same scene really. Basically, the film by itself looks good, but... as a film adaptation... no

Baz Luhrman <3

Eh, I guess I can be happy for this.

Babby's first Baz Luhrmann movie.


lol. 

If you have seen Moulin Rouge then your question is out of sync, because that's what Baz Luhrmann basically is :P
he likes to rape the periodicals and makes everyone have an orgasm watching him do it..

Judging by the director choice, you're screwed if this is the version you watch in high school and expect to pass.

Even at 37 Leonardo still has wat it takes to break hearts as he enters a room. An elegant and sophisticated actor and human being this movie is worth seein (like all his other movies) simply for his performance in it. I look forward to seeing his take on Jay Gatsby. And whether or not he wins or is even nominated for an oscar he still, to me, is the last word in acting

The music ruins it for me, has too much of a Moulin Rouge feel to it.


His part really isn't that big, if you've read the book he's only in a couple scenes.

"I'm certainty glad to see you as well, I'm certainty glad to see you as well, I'm certainty-*closes mouth* 

song at the end?

I actually liked No Church In the Wild being in the beginning. To me, being an 18 year old, it makes it seem more "cool." I love Kanye and No Church In The Wild is a favorite of mine. But this trailer makes the film seem a but hard to follow.

I'll let you figure that one out....

Well it's got Carey Mulligan and she was in Blink, so that's awesome. As for the rest, DiCaprio could probably pull off Gatsby with the right director, and maybe Maguire could be OK as Carraway, but why is Baz Luhrmann directing this? Moulin Rouge was awful, and so was Australia. The guy knows how to do exactly one thing, and that's his stylized turn-of-the-centuryish visuals. He does it really well, granted, but that can only carry things so far, especially for such a literary classic.

Yeah, they'll just have to replace every "Old sport" in the script with "MUTHAFUCKA".

haha Leonardo as Gatsby? It's funny if you've read the book ;)

Well, it is my favorite book . . . so, yeah, I think I'll see it.  :)


if they wanted gatsby to be portrayed as a slave

Yes, I actually quite like some of his films. In particular Australia, and Moulin Rogue. 

Anybody know the music at the beginning? I feel like it's in every freakin trailer ever...

this looks like a mistake........

You're joking, right?

why the hell would i want to see this in 3d? jesus christ what a fucking gimmick, moive tickets are already expensive as fuck

anyways cant wait to see

How do you interpret the 1920s with a rap 2000s soundtrack? It completely takes you out of the film, the era, and the atmosphere. Besides, Jazz music, or a piano piece sound far better anyway. If the dude actually cut the trailer, than he's just trying to be hip to attract audience members. Warner Brothers put this same shitty piece in Gangster Squad's trailer, which makes me believe it wasn't Baz' decision. And...

.. It's shit. Get over it.

Read the book the black people are in it .

where's CALLAN MCAULIFFE????

What? Have you not seen a Baz Luhrmann movie before?

Baz Luhrman  does this with his a lot of his movies. It's an his interpretation. Get over it

300 views and 1702 likes! wow!

What does Gatsby look like? Does he look like a bitch?!


"No Church in the Wild" threw me off, but I think this movie has potential. Although the fact that this is gonna have 3D is somewhat insane because it's a drama not an action movie.

Goddamn Mr. Carraway! That's some serious gourmet shit!

I Read This Book in School!!!

Its a classic novel based in the 20s and some kind of jazz would have been better for the first song

What the fuck is with the rap soundtrack!? Seriously?

This is the set in the 1920s, not the shitty 2010s. Fucking Warner Brothers did the same stupid shit with the Gangster Squad trailer,  FUCK YOU WARNER BROTHERS. learn the fucking setting idiots.

Only because of the pool of actors to choose from in Asia. 


Agreed.

but this trailer is not what i envisioned at all

SHUT UP LEONARDO IS PERFECT FOR THIS PART!!!!!!!

Autotune......why don't we have t-pain fuck carey mulligan instead of leonardo

Highschool just got easier...

....why? Do you really think DiCaprio is not perfect for this part?

I respect that interpretation, but it's Kanye, you know? It's hard for me to wrap my head around that.

We'll see! I'm definitely going to see the movie no matter what. So I could be pleasantly surprised!

he has a 5 second scene...

it was a bad joke. i don't actually think of that as an insult. but i do think the music (at least the first song) is bad/doesn't suit the film

I'M TIRED OF ALL THESE MUHFUCKIN PEOPLE AT MY MUHFUCKIN HOUSE SWIMMIN IN MY GOD DAMN POOL!

Heaven forbid a movie about the extravagantly wealthy be extravagant.

i love jay gatsby forever

It's a reinterpretation. 

Nope, in no way is he close to the same character. 3 of those 4 movies I named he is way outside the NY character spectrum (possibly 4 b/c the departed was set in Boston). You should check out Total Eclipse though, Its my fav movie of his... 

All movies are altered from their origins.

There is a part of me that is EXTREMELY excited to see one of my favorite novels in a film adaption, but then I have this deep fear of ultimate disappointment if it sucks. AHHHH 

BOLD... but it works. Love it.

CESAR EVORA would've made a GREAT GATSY!!!

Ah I see. I'm not familiar aside from Moulin Rouge. I'm normally not a snooty critic of movies (or anything really), but I'm feeling wary I suppose.

-_-

Did I see Amitabh Bachchan? :O

:(


Agreed.

I get it. That's everyone's response to this. Moulin Rouge is one of my favorite soundtracks. But even so, I felt that most of the tracks fit the nostalgia of Moulin Rouge.

Do you really see autotune fit for Great Gatsby?  (I'm not asking to be an ass, I just don't see how this works).

why does leo have to keep getting hotter even thought he's getting older? god is not fair!

doesn't look so great to me

Fuck is this? I loved the great gatsby, but this just....man. That's sad.

This is EPIC 


EVEN IF THE DIRECTION AND CAST FAILS.....AMITABH BACHCHAN WILL PULL IT OFF !!!!! THE GREATEST ACTOR ASIA HAS EVER SEEN.

Actually the over the top non sense was vital to the character of Gatsby. He was known for his parties. He went over the top to impress the girl. If you don't have over the top you don't have Gatsby. 

Holy Shit! It's like they put Inception, Drive, and Spiderman in a 1920's blender!

kanye west? now that is a travesity 


What is with the music selection of this trailer? It starts out with autotune and then moves into some contemporary silliness. I'm not saying that music is bad, but the Great Gatsby should be very nostalgic of the time period it represents. I hope this is a fluke.

They shoulda had Samuel L. Jackson as Gatsby.


That "Love Is Blindness" cover sounds pretty damn intense.

I can totally see Toby as Nick Carrawy. I thought the book was a boring pile of shit, but when Leo is around, good shit happens

To everyone complaining about the music: What did you expect from Baz Luhrman?

His movie about the turn-of-the-century Moulin Rouge has a soundtrack comprised of Madonna and Elton John, but that soundtrack is widly regarded as one of the best of that decade.

I read the book in the 11th grade. I watched the version with Paul Rudd as Nick, who was amazing, bu the way. I think Toby will do a great job. I can see him as Nick, but I don't know if I pictured Gatsby or Daisy as that. I guess we'll find out. 

can't wait too see the movie the book was really good ^_^

I think... this audacious monstrosity will actually work?

meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

I think pretty much every American student read this book during their High School years.

I second that. I love Fitzgerald and this is his masterpiece. I still am not sure how much this movie will live upto my expectations having read the novel.

Leonardo DiCaprio is once again wearing a suit, your arguments are invalid.

Over the top? How is it possible to make this story any more "over the top" than how it was written? The book IS drama and excess. 

U2 FTW.

snore

I have two thumbs and they are both up. The book was great and i would love to see it in motion through another persons perspective. 

who here actually read the book?

Probably not how I would have cast it...

I didn't like Kanye at first, but my boyfriend got me into him. I'm a HUGE fan of Frank Ocean though. His voice is amazing

A few things...First...  Is it a trend to have a period piece film and set the trailer to a Jay-z song?.. This trailer along with Gangster squad trailer... Secondly it looks as if Leo Dicaprio will have two films opening on Christmas... This along with Django Unchained (another period piece) Lets see which film fairs better...

Twilight never was and never will be American literature.

The CG looks like poo


1. Kanye West and Jay-Z - "No Church in the Wild"
2. Jack White - "Love is Blindness" (U2 Cover)

A bigger shame than twilight? 

Jay Gatsby held the first Project X.

This is so epic. I am just awed by the sight of Gatsby's parties.

opulence is the name of the game, son. the "circus nonsense" seems fitting to me.

Oh my fucking god, have you ever listened to a jazz song in your life?  You can express every single emotion imaginable with jazz. Check out the soundtrack to L.A. Noire.

As I remember correctly, I did not enjoy Romeo + Juliet.

Read this in high school...must watch

boner = no rolling

if they made a film without that stuff in this day and age it would fail hard

Have you seen any of Dicaprios movies? Total Eclipse, Gilbert Grape, This Boys Life, The Departed... They're all different in many ways. You must be foolish to believe that he plays the same character. 

I like the way its shot. The colours look nice.

He's the guy in the large moustache at around 1:00. He's considered the greatest Indian movie star of all time, and he has a fan following unlike no other celebrity anywhere....

I am really excited to see this. I love The Great Gatsby. It is my favorite book. I tried to watch the old movie (You can see it over in suggestions) and hated it. I didn't think it treated the material very well, cut a lot of good seasons, and the characters felt off. This looks fascinating. Just from the trailer, seeing the colors and the camera angels, I think it is going to be an interesting and hopefully accurate portrayal.

You know a movie's gonna be good when you see Tobey Maguire doing the screaming-so-loud-he-cracks-his-voice thing.

How could Gatsby be anything but over the top?

wishing I could 'like' this a hundred times

The songs are "No Church in the Wild" and "Love is blindness" as covered by Jack White. 

This could be the most epic adaptation of The Great Gatsby ever, or the greatest shame American literature could ever face.

why?

seriously hollywood, leave the books alone.

leonardo dicaprio and tobey mcguaire meet again in a movie after this boys life in 1993

I have some high expectations for this film!


Exactly.

Terrible, just terrible. Way over-the-top... Baz Luhrmann...

Baz Luhrmann? Leo DiCaprio?

Fuck this.

This looks dumb.

the name of the first song pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!

agreed

After reading the back throughout high school and after watching this trailer, I STILL HAVE NO FUCKING CLUE TO WHY THE GREAT GASTBY IS A GOOD BOOK. 



The Great Gatsby does not need all of this over the top circus nonsense. The characters and the story carry themselves. I was so excited for this film when I saw the cast, but now I am very wary of it. I hope with all of my heart that Baz Lurman proves me wrong.

this BETTER be as good as the book - seriously. Altering the movie from it's origin would be just sad

This looks horrible! Is Hollywood that hard up for new ideas? This is like trying to remake Gone With The Wind with an edgy twist, it just would not work or be the same story. Did anyone see they remade a 3 Stooges movie?! There has to be a limit! Someone please draw a line in the sand with this remake garbage! Whatever I guess...

The song running is a cover of U2's Love is blindness. 

What is the music???


I was actually wanting to know so thanks! :)

Fuck this movie i hated reading the book in Highschool .

Thumbs up if you have no thumbs.

google it :P

No Church in the Wild- Kanye & Jay-Z Ft. Frank Ocean

YEAH AMITABH
YEAH!

Does anyone know what the 2nd song is??

That's the U2 song running in the background!

IF anyone wants to know the name of the song it's called 
Love is Blindness by Jack White 

Poor Leonardo DiCaprio. In another role where he's not going to have a happy ending.

I thought Vincent Chase was in this movie? Directed by Scorscese?

yeah but the music puts a really odd tone to the movie. the book was based on the 20's, i was looking for a little lindy hop vibe.

I agree about the 3D thing, I think that's pretty moronic but Leonardo ruining it?? THAT, I completely disagree with! He's brilliant & extremely talented! 

makes me want to re-read the book again

well...yes I have in fact read the book, my point being in commenting is that the irony was not lost on me that he (leo) happens to play these two sort of tragic characters in both this film and the titanic....and your implication of my illiteracy is obnoxious and uncalled for.

thanks :D

Amithab is such a boss

Yes... I'm not exactly sure about DiCaprio as Gatsby... But to get a new audience interested in an old story, 3D is a step, just watch it in 2D when you go.

They should have cast Tony Stark in this. 

i thought vincent chase was in this

baz needs to make WAY more movies. this looks fucking amazing.

I'll have to watch it to be sure, but I'm not entirely sure how faithful to the book it's going to be. Still looks like a good movie.

Gonna be great


Watchout, halfway through, Leo shoots Tobey in the head and they wake up and he becomes spiderman

This preview was chilling, thanks in part to the music. 

They might as well have thrown some of that dubstep crap into the trailer. Enough about the music? Please. Trailers are supposed to suck you in, not turn you off. Crapola.

why no bacchan sir name in the end?

...That's not Vincent Chase.

Toby McGuire going to win another best kiss award?


YES!

what's the first song?

I want to go to that party with Jordan Baker. I'm in love with a fictional character. 

Yeah the music doesnt fit. Sucks but I hope the movie wont be that different from the book.

It all makes sense. Reason why Spiderman wasn't in the Avengers; he was too busy being an old sport and narrating THE GREAT GATSBY.

Where's the blinking green light?  I didn't see the blinking green light...

Another movie of this book? Ah well, hoping for the best

this looks good!!!

enough about the music, if you've ever seen a baz luhrmann film you know he always chooses songs that are completely different from the time period the movie's in

Subscribe on my channel and check out my videos. Thank you

anyone knows the name of the song?

OMG LEONARDO DICAPRIO!!!!!!!!!

I love the music!

Why is it in 3D?

Damn Amitabh Buchchan is in this!!!

Yessssss!! I was so happy when I saw him, Big B looks amazing.

Terrible music

Dick.

i loved the book

Yep.

bad. ass.

laz burman's greasy backwards-hipster virgin fingerprints are definately all over this one

really...kanye west for the intro? i think they changed the style, it's nothing like i imagined while i read the book, i think they tried to moderize it.

Honestly, I like the music. I think it'd feel too conventional if it was 20's music. I dunno, but it just fits here, and I HATE auto-tuning (except "One More Time").

that girl is from Doctor Who's episode "Blink" right?!? :D

mmmmmmmm excited!!!!

They sould've hired Vincent Chase!

huh. aaya vadda chutiyapa karne.

Amitabh Rocks...

the master >

2:05 That bottle...

Nice video! Thumbs up!
You should check out secret-ways-to-make-quick-money.comONLY people who want to seriously make money should look into it. It can make over $10,000 a month using those free tips just like I have. It's legit. Thumbs up if you found it useful!

Just paying it forward guys :)

Leo is f-ing brilliant as Gatsby. This movie will be fantastic. Im SO excited.

screw all!! Amitabh is gonna rock

can someone tell me the name of the second song in this?

Do you get off on being a lifeless troll?

yeah f. scott fitzgerald.

It definitely looks interesting. Toby McGuire is a good choice for Nick for sure, as well as Leonardo DiCaprio for Gatsby. Unless the reviews are horrible for it, I'll probably end up going to see it. After all, it is one of my favorite classic books.

Love Baz Luhrmann, love Gatsby, hate the music. Hope it dies in a deep, deep pit.

I disagree. There's a generational gap between the books release and now. It's not like Harry Potter which is all over the media and has been since most of these folks were growing up - the Great Gatsby is old enough that a lot of the younger generation will have never even heard of it. So 'spoilers' are NOT cool in this regard.

agreed. ;)

but i thought vince was gonna be in this movie.........fuck u tobey maguire

fuck off

for those of you complaining about the music its BAZ LUHRMANN. he does this kind of shit. my personal opinion: all the parts are casted wrong. bring back robert redford and mia farrow! 

actually, the song is Jack White - Love is blindness 


and in 3D ...shame

This is the epitome of fantastic casting cant wait for this to come out!

SPOILER

He transforms into spider-man in the middle of the movie, that's where the action begins.

I love F. Scott Fitzgerald, I love The Great Gatsby, and I love Baz Luhrmann films! Even if it doesn't relate completely to the fantastic novel (which, lets face it, would be quite a feat if it did) we can all safely assume that Luhrmann will create another beautiful and colorful film, I'm greatly looking forward to this movie :)

looks good but they didn't have to make it appeal to a young generation by adding a modern crappy song ..

INCEPTION

Exclusive first 10 minutes of this movie on my channel.

Sorry, it's not a spoiler that Gatsby dies since the book has been out for 87 YEARS now.  I'm usually nice about not spoiling stuff within 10 years, but more than that and it's fair game.  If you haven't read the book by now, blame yourself or your high school English teachers.  

pretty sure this is the cover jack white did.

Tobey as Nick is perfect.

book is over 90 years old, deal with it 

GATSBY DIES! spoiler.....

Love is Blindness by U2 (but it seems to be way more vamped up than the original on the trailer). 

Tom's a huge douche man

What is spiderman doing here

The book Great Gatsby is too deep for a shallow Hollywood movie. 

wow... the music COMPLETELY ruins it

this is so much more dramatic than i expected for Gatsby...i like it! So much more color and vibrance, and the cast looks phenomenal. Can't wait! :)

There was Auto Tune in the 20's?

Leonardo and Carey Mulligan are a few of the best actors around right now, this is going to be so well acted it isn't even funny.

did i see spiderman? lol

Why the hell is a rap song playing at the beginning?  That doesn't fit at all.  

Sounds like U2's "Love is Blindness," the closing track from ACHTUNG BABY.

Can we also take a moment to appreciate the fact that Luhrmann also recreated Romeo and Juliet--I'm sure you've heard of it-- which was written well before Gatsby. The film, that DiCaprio also starred in, was very well received and did an amazing job retelling the timeless tale. So I think this Great American Novel is in good hands. 

Great cast. But why do I get the feeling that the stunning visual is going to be this movie's undoing? 

Mind Heist..,,,..mute......start at 0:13....Your fucking welcome!!!

LOVE LOVE THIS CAST!!! AHH i'm gna go reread the book yay!

What a poor choice of music. I'm still excited for the movie, but wouldn't an older 20's-era song or even Frank Sinatra have given this trailer a more dramatic and somewhat haunting feel to it? 

what is the 2nd song?

How does loving a certain medium make you an idiot? Sure there are a lot of idiots who like video games but that's because so many people like them you are bound to get a certain amount of idiots. Millions of idiots love movies and even books. So please explain to me how liking video games is directly associated with being an idiot.

Got Baz written all over it- can't wait! Song in the trailer anyone?

auto tuming the 1920's WTF

It's a not triumph. What a lack of thoroughness! What horrible realism! He didn't know when to stop, too--didn't cut the pages. But what do you want? What do you expect? - almost, but not quite, F. Scott Fitzgerald

Hopefully, the great Mr. Bachchan won't make an ass of himself the way Anil Kapoor did in MI4. It's an epidemic, people.

Cant fucking wait!!

some of the CGI is kinda rubbing me the wrong way but i love how colorful everything is. Also the movie in general looks pretty good.

a great novel and hopefully a faithful adaption.... Cant fucking wait!

For anyone who wants to know, the trailer song is called "No Church in the Wild" by Kanye West and Jay-Z. It was also in Safe House.
Great song, look it up for the whole thing! :)

If you read the book, you would find the characters are meant to be over-dramatic.

This is not the adaptation I had pictured at all. So disappointed. Way to go Baz Luhrmann.

If you guys know anything about this director you know that music and modern elements is something he plays with in most of his modern adaptations of classic stories. When he did Romeo and Juliet (which Leo was also in) he modernized the time but kept Shakespeare's dialogue. When he did Moulin Rouge almost every song was a top 40 track from the 70's clear up the late 90's but the movie was set in the late 1890's. I personally am very excited for Baz's adaption. This movie is going to be sick. 

"Gatsby?Gatsby, what gatsby?" *epic shot of leonardo dicaprio*

Usually, I'd be complaining about that too. But this time, I'm not. Part of the whole idea of The Great Gatsby is the fakeness of everything, so I actually like that everything looks a little fake and over-the-top in the movie. It makes sense.

If i had not read this book in high school, i would have no idea what it was about based on this trailer.

I never read the book and im excitedd 

OMGGGG

Like if your reading this in class right now .. lol

How do you know? You've never seen it.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Let's hope that this is the movie for Leo.....

Ehh the book was better.

Agreed! This story may be set in the 1920's, but it is TIMELESS. Making a 100% traditional, old-school film adaption would eliminate the purpose of making a new adaption. Fitzgerald's greatest work DESERVES to be updated for each new generation.

Where's Callan? :\

Looks really good. And I didn't really like any of the other movies the guy directed ha.

I can't wait to see this movie!

I think one complaint underscores the other.

I thought it sounded like Jack White, thanks!

When I first heard the film was going to be in 3D, I was apprehensive and I thought it might be a money-making scheme. Now that I see this trailer, I totally get it! The visual flair of the film captures the 1920's setting portrayed in the book- the action, the excitement, and the wildness of high society. Perhaps F. Scott Fitzgerald didn't imagine it quite like this, but I think this film will be able to convey to a 21st century audience the ideas that Fitzgerald conveyed to his generation.

The Feelings !

Ok I don't think they should have 1920s jazz, but at least some modern-age jazz fusion or something since this is considered a great American novel for its representation of the roaring '20s.

why they would use this music for this trailer, it just doesnt mix well.

Love is Blindness - Jack White. Originally a U2 song

Looks like a fucking video game!!!

Oh No, Luhrmann cannot handle this movie. He's going to give us all epilepsy with this one. 

does anyone else really love the way Tobey sounds at the beginning or is it just me? 

second song is: 
jack white- love is blindness

lol at those pissed at the "spoilers." pick up a fucking book, retard.

When a film adapts the quintessence a Great American Novel published in 1925 much later in 2012, the expectation of a faithful interpretation by Luhrmann should be abolished. We should expect, or hope rather, that the film doesn't make any flagrant errors in the story itself. More importantly, though, we should consider the modern relevance of the text; look what is happening nearly ninety years later! Fitzgerald's masterpiece is becoming an iconic film to continually commemorate his success.

Complaining about the music in a Baz Luhrmann film? Really? That's like complaining about how spotty a Seurat painting looks. It's his style. 

How does one "spoil" a movie when the movie is based off of a book that was released in 1925?! People these days..

Because it seems as though the goal of this movie is to connect past with present. The past is communicated by the setting and clothing and the present is largely conveyed through the music. I think it's brilliant. 

the music is fucking awesome!! does anyone know what song it is?

Dear people screaming spoilers:
THIS BOOK IS OVER 80 YEARS OLD. 

Just Read This Book!!! so Excited!

The book has been out for 87 years. If you haven't figured out how it ends by now, you have no one to blame but yourself. 

Also, I wouldn't judge this too harshly before you even see it. 

i really like the second song. who and what is it?

maaaan i was so afraid at 0:48 that the AWOL music was going to show up...

Attention, attention.......ANNOUCEMENT MUSIC KIND OF SUCKS I'm a jigga fan myself doesn't fit the trailer and I have no idea what the fuck the second song is but it too doesn't fit the trailer.....so.....Mute it, look up The Fitz and the tantrums - Don't gotta work it out in a different tab. As soon as the other video starts playing, play the trailer........7x better.

They chose this music because the movie is going to be a stylized version of the book. This director tends to take classics and portray them in his own style. Look at Romeo + Juliette and Moulin Rouge. R+J had guns for crying out loud. It is just a different version of an older story. I personally think the music goes well with the look of the movie...

nice name...

Definitely thought Vincent Chase got the lead in this one. 

Kanye West & Jay Z (Ft. Frank Ocean) - No Church in the Wild first song

I can agree the music choice wasn't that best, but is that the only reason why you're hating on this? (other than your opinion on the costume designs, of course.) Take a chill pill and wait for it to actually come out in theaters. Then, you can talk shit on "the poor music choice" or "how ugly they all are portrayed" all you want. But for now, don't say it's horrible when it's just the FIRST trailer. God, the internet is so full of ignorance these days...

Thanks for spoiling.

Bono ruins everything

Fucking idiots with the fucking spoilers.  Jerk off fucking Youtube SCUMBAG FUCKERS.

something I learned the hard way= never look at the comments of a youtube video regarding any work of fiction you haven't finished.

More like upGAYted it ;)

Shit it's been awhile since I read it.

Read this for English Literature this year, fell in love with the book, definitely seeing this movie. :)

Tobey Maguire and Leonardo DiCaprio don't age. 

I was so excited for this.  And then Michael Bay got involved and now we have CGI in F Scott Fitzgerald.  This version will make the 1974 version look like a masterpiece.

I've never seen Twilight. Why are you so mad over a stranger's opinion about a movie you have never seen? Besides, I said it should do well. Calm down, my friend.

moulin rouge to! such a beautiful movie 

Yep............Tobey Maguire is getting an oscar.

No. Simply no.

Romeo and Juliet was a good remake by him

Way to take a brilliant literary masterpiece and turn it into a modernized CGI-induced party boy piece of shit...

The music for the trailer for Safe House was well done. Can't say it fits here.

I would've personally wish to have seen a Sophia Coppola directed adaptation, but I'll watch this one, as long as that god-awful music isn't in it.

It's worse than I possibly could have imagined. For starters, why the fuck is there autotuned pop being played instead of, gee, I don't know, fucking JAZZ!? It's the goddamn jazz age goddammit. And it doesn't truly look like the director gave a shit about making it look like the 20s. It looks like a very expensive costume party and I was honestly waiting to see a shitty kardashian come out or something. Horrible. Horrible, horrible, horrible. -2/10. Would NEVER bang.


BONER

holy shitttt its amritha batchan!

I was waiting for Denzel Washington to shoot somebody at the beginning of this trailer.

woah i never imaged that the party looked that grand 

Gonna have to go with the book on this one already.

There's so much good music from the 20s, why the hell would they choose this for the trailer?

Why is there an apple symbol in the bottom corner? APPLE IS TAKING OVER THE MOVIE INDUSTRY NOOOO

did someone say spiderman?

Great Music choice for a movie set in the 1920's haha Lol 

haha 69 thumbs up haha

spidey water yuh doing i guise yuh got lost on way 2 avengers.

Fuck you Baz. 

I mean I literally got the goosebumps

Good luck, Leo.

shite


Everything in this is PERFECT


........EXCEPT THE MUSIC

Seriously, WHAT THE HELL?

cannot. breathe.

You're both wrong. Tom shoots Gatsby, but spiderman is Nick.

MY. OVARIES. CANNOT. TAKE. THIS. MUCH.

But Leonardo always gets roles where he dies... 

Spiderman is not Tom :P


not true


Oh my goodness!!! I am definitely watching this movie! Great casting and all!

lets get my english class to see this...we are reading this now

I mean sense not since xD

nope gatsby is not shot by tom

Awesome trailer, music kinda makes since with the trailer but seems out of place. Would have expected maybe something mastered from the 1920s, or maybe trailer music that was just score.
I don't really see the point of making this movie 3D. 
Anyway the costumes look awesome, the way the movie is shot looks interesting and Leonardo Dicaprio is awesome. I hope the movie does the book Justice. This was my favorite book other then Fahrenheit 451 that I had to read for school last year. 

Terrible book. Pretentious shitfest for hipster cock wranglers.

Jake White did the cover but U2 wrote the song ^_^ 

Ever read the book? Gatsby didn't die just because he is played by Leonardo Dicaprio...

I have to say, this trailer's soundtrack makes me yawn. But, I loved the novel, the previous film, and I will see this film.

What's the full quote at the beginning of the trailer?


lmao awful

this is a fucking disagrace.  look's like zak snyder's the great gatsby.

xDDDDDD I was thinking it, but I didn't wanna say it.

gatsby gets shot by spiderman 

Dammit, you took my comment. Hats off to you good sir/madam.

I giggled like a little girl when I saw that Leo was Gatsby 

He must be the new Sean Bean.

Hm…

SOMEBODY RESTRAIN ME!

In terms of visuals and soundtrack, I think they almost nailed it.

Thumbs up if your reading this book in school.

This is not what I imagined AT ALL when I read the book.

Its good to see Entourage is inspiring real life movies

jack white yeah

if the soundtrack of this trailer reflects the soundtrack of the movie.. heads will roll

He's the new Sean Bean

i was excited about this movie...until i found out who the director was. romeo & juliet and moulin rouge are two of the worst movies in existence. period.

awesome music choice

Inception. 'Nuff said.

To the people complaining about the music not making sense - that's sort of Baz Luhrman's style. Just look at Moulin Rouge, he blends old with new and that's typically is done with the music he chooses to use. It's his style as a director lol. This looks really well done and I can't wait to check it out.

ruined the book.

LMAOO @ opening the trailer with No Church in the wild 

thats so boss 

Awful music choice. 

haha the guy at 2:08 with the Bottle is hilarious 

you must be watching the wrong trailer...

That's what I said! O.O

leos lookin good

Just finished reading the novel and saw the newest version of the movie--this looks like an exciting new take on a classic story, for which I'm very excited for!

GATSBY GETS SHOT AND DIES IN A POOL T THE END NO ONE GOES TO HIS FUNERAL MERRY CHRISTMAS 

Looks like shit. It should do well.

You sir are obviously confused on what the word "poser" means. He didn't have the patience or will or whatever the fuck it was not to finish the book, but that doesn't make him a poser at all hahahah if you're going to call someone out at least understand the terminology.

This seems like it will be not even closely related to the book. 

you sir are a poser

And to think, I had high hopes for this film. So much for a tasteful rendition.

That's how you win Oscars... or so he thinks. 

hahaha, Avion! 

TIL Watch the Throne was released in the roaring 20s.

so... is leonardo dicaprio like required to die at the end of all his movies or something?

God Luhrmann sucks. 
This guy makes the tackiest movies ever. He is so flaming, that John Travolta feels butch next to him. 

hated the book but it has to be pretty good since it has leonardo and toby 

The actors are sooo good but the movie looks sooooo shitty..

All of the music in this video totally makes sense for a movie taking place in New York 1922.

It looks like it'll be worlds better than Atlas Shrugged, that's for damn sure.

So wait, the movie already has Baz Luhrmann, Leonardo Dicaprio and F. Scott Fitzgerald, and they went and added Jack White to the mix?

Somebody pinch me, I must be in a dream.

Novels have an advantage of direct contact with the author. Movies have to speak for themselves. Despite this lacking Fitzgerald's remarkable prose, Baz Luhrmann (the director) has given his unique vision to a treasured American myth. It looks spectacular. 

the Best thing about Baz Luhrmann is that he takes stories that everyone knows and makes them new again by putting a twist on them. Romeo and Juliet being the best example of this, and by the looks of things, this film will be similar. The colours look amazing and the cast is fantastic... argh, i'm looking forward to Christmas now and not the for cliche reasons, but this film!

I predict this will be next big Oscar winner. Heed my words.

Originally by U2

Were you alive back then? 

This isn't the actual soundtrack is it? While I like these songs, it really doesn't go with the 20's or The Great Gatsby.. all that beauty in the movie with the wrong kind of soundtrack?

when I read great gatsby, I thought of Nick as Peter Parker Tobey macquire, it's EXACTLY who I envisioned nick as.  I am very excited for this.

ahhhhh so excited one of my favorite novels <3
the song at the end is so fitting for Gatsby.

Seriously? This does not seem like a real movie. And the wardrobe is not right for pre-1925.

This trailer kind of makes it feel like a super hero movie.

Baz, your adaptations never fail to entertain me. This looks absolutely incredible!

307 views 15 of them are mine

I don't know about this, guys.

as much as i love tobey macquire, he is totally not my ideal nick. nick should be more of an apathetic character. tobey is too sweet and cute and nice to be a good nick. also carey mulligan, as adorable and cute as she is, she is not the goddess daisy is described to be. and leo...i cant see him as gatsby... oh well...we'll know once the movie comes out

God I hope this is good

Are you kidding me? He IS Gatsby!

fitzgerald meets frank ocean. goosebumps.

HOLY MOLY.


Was Leo having a stroke in that first scene?

AMITABH BACHCHAN?!

Leo much deserves an Academy Award. Every one of his movies is a masterpiece.

I personally LOVE the song No church in the Wild, however, it really doesn't go with the movie. They should fire whoever thought of the soundtrack. Where's the jazz of the 1920s?

The casting picks for Gatsby and Nick are just great. Let's hope this film is done correctly.

Thanks a lot!

I can't wait for all of the Inception/ Great Gatsby crossover fanfiction.

it is no church in the wild by kanye west and jay z

Didn't know Jay z was around back then. What a stupid song to open the trailer.


No Church In The Wild, Jay-Z and Kayne


is that amitabh bachchan?!?! LOL TOO GOOD

DiCaprio doesn't fit very well..

The symbolism will becoming at you in 3-D!

OOOOO THATS THE ACTOR FOR THE OTHER back then SPIDER MAN MOVIES!.....lmao screw the new guy, the old guy will always be Peter Parker in my mind

Seriously, autotuned bullshit instead of swing music and big band tunes? Thanks for ruining gatsby

this looks so much more intense than the novel actually was XD

Leo is THE actor of our generation.

I AM SO EXCITED! :D

YES!!!! YES YES YES YES YES!!!

she is beautiful so ya know
and talented

This trailer scares me. Could this actually be good? Could all my fears be nonsense and the film could do great justice for the book? Or will everything I fear be confirmed, showing that aping a great classic is in fact okay to do? We shall see, won't we Old Sport?

What's the first song in the trailer? Can anybody tell me, please?

Dammit! It just doesn't have that NOSTALGIC 20's FEEL TO IT!! );

Still excited anyway. DiCaprio is PERFECT as Gatsby

I miss the 20s

This feels wrong...


daisy was annoying -_-

looks so good but sucks that i know how it ends :P


Oh, this makes me happy -- I was just wondering whether Baz Luhrmann was going to make something else. I so loved his red curtain trilogy...

I hope this time Leo gets the Oscar he so well deserves!!

whats the song thats playing? 


Carey Mulligan?  WTF? All the beautiful young actresses in Hollywood, and they pick her?  Terrible casting right there.  

Jack White

Frank Ocean! FUCK YES!

Sorry about that. Do yourself a favor and read it.

the music for this trailer throws it off -.-

3D? WTF...

I would do so many things to Carey Mulligan. 

Ah! Ringo got it.

This looks incredible!

I always imagined Gatsby as Johnny Depp


After Drive I'd rather have DiCaprio play this.

You could ask for Vincent Chase

that's the "imaginative" Baz Luhrmann for you

Who is this version of the song in the trailer by? I know theres a version by U2, but who sings this version?

by the same guy who did romeo + juliet! I can totally see it - this whole movie is like the party scene in the beginning of the shakespeare movie.

I don't even think the magic of Fitzgerald can get Leo an Oscar at this point...

WHY!??! I hate Hollywood.

someone who looks less angry and cooler. Maybe Brad Pitt. 
And we have the right to be negative, the trailer doesn't look well, that's all that's our opinions are based off. 

its funny cause the movie isnt out yet 

>movie about the Roaring 20's
>has CGI and AutoTune

Love is Blindness covered by Jack White originally by U2

I'll agree, the song choice is quite odd. But it works so well with the trailer. Honestly, it adds so much to the feel of the movie. I think they made a great choice

nice job trying to spoil a movie based on a book that about everyone in the universe have read. 

not sure if want. Looks nice and all, but it seems like it's gonna be pretty off from the book and too actiony. And Daisy's not sophisticated enough as someone Gatsbyll fall in love with, and Leonardo isn't cool looking enough (angsty is more like it)

also, I really hope this movie won't start a trend of people trying to be classy.


Vincent Chase did it better.

Spoiler alert: Gatsby dies.

spider man noir? (;

At first the music threw me off, but the more I watched the trailer the more it grew on me.  It really captures the crazy, loose, hysterical undertones that was portrayed in the books.  I'm really excited for the film!  

This is one of those, hollywood's-running-out-of-ideas movies

there were smart to chose leonardo and tobey, both great actors,and both fitting the characters very well, i loved the book and i will enjoy this (:

Wht song is that towards the end of the trailer? And I really want to see itt

um, the movies not out yet, dumbshit .

tobey and leo are brave to do this... hopefully it lives up to the book

did you just compare APR with this?? wow

what's the song at the end called? Thankss

chills soo stoked!!

good casting.

Lil Wayne is YOUNG MONEY.

I read the book in high school. Finally I will understand it. 

Oh wow. Did you go like a pre-special movie screening of it?

The trailer stayed pretty true to the book but its just that this I really don't have a desire to watch the Great Gatsby. But anyways, they did a really amazing and creative job with what they had to work with (I liked the book by the way, there's just not much of it that can translate into pretty movie effects) 

I really hope that the actual film soundtrack is nothing like the trailer's music. Swap it with some time period appropriate music and I might actually enjoy the trailer. The cinematography looks pretty cool, and the whoever it is playing Jordan looks perfect, but this just leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

fuck all of you negative assholes, the book was fantastic but whose to say this wont be a GREAT film? plus Leonardo DiCaprio as Gatsby? what more could you ask for

no church in the wild - kanye west

This looks good, but what the fuck can you do with this in 3D?

I dont know why Tobey Maguire looks like he's still in the Peter Parker role. 



The first song is an anacronic piece of shit. And the second song sucks ass in relation to this trailer.

at first i was like wth with the music choices.. but then it blended well for some reason

I found that trailer a little underwhelming - They're playing up too many of the wrong elements in the book, the soundtrack was terrible, and the CGI was, err, gross. I hope the finished product is more polished than this. 

I turned off the American Idol finale so that I could fully absorb this trailer.

exactly... as a book it was great but I think as a movie it would be pretty boring. 

this is quite possibly one of my favorite novels ever, I can't wait to see how DiCaprio interprets this role

What's spider-man doing in the 1920s? 

cmon Baz aint that bad. Romeo + Juliet was pretty awesome

I'm not a big fan of Great Gatsby, either the book or the movie(1974) but holy confetti it's Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire! <3

I am so freakin' excited for this movie! Baz Luhrmann, one of my favorite directors, doing a movie based on one of my favorite books! DiCaprio will never beat Robert Redford looks wise OR as Gatsby, but still... I can't wait for the Baz goodness to explode all over the screen! Squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

holy shit

Fucking love this. Screw the haters. The Great Gatsby is going to kick ass!

lets GOOOOOOO

I think Ryan Gosling would have been great as Gatsby 

Yeah... let's keep doing remakes... that's original. 

The modern music is so odd with this trailer. 

Welcome to the world of  Baz Luhrmann. The songs DO go with the trailer because it's part of his magic as a director.

holy shit

for a book by the author who coined the term "Jazz Age", the soundtrack is making me wonder if it's really going to work. 

what's with the music!? LMAO

1:35 for the first "old sport" of many ;___; ?

Those visual effects look terrible.

Baz Luhrmann's directing so I'm not seeing it.  Love Carey Mulligan and Leonardo DiCaprio though.

Which is probably why this film seems to add an excess of pizzazz and flash....It's also coming out in 3D.

are you kidding me? tobey is perfect as nick

It's a bit obvious that if he were still alive, Steve McQueen should have been Gatsby

so true last two pages ftw lol

What's everyone's problem with Tobey Macguire playing Nick? I think that's okay, granted an Elijah Wood or Daniel Radcliff (permitting he could pull off an American accent) would have been better choices....Macguire fits the bill.

In 3D!

Yeah, given all the black people you saw on screen. . .

Maybe he will.

Sure we already get a trailer for this movie but Quentin Tarantino can't make a trailer for Django Unchained

I'm looking forward to seeing my favorite Indian actor, Amitabh Bachchan, as Meyer Wolfsheim!

i dont like modern music with it, doesnt make it seem like  a era fiilm
i mean i guess its a different take on it

I am so excited.

The problem with filming the novel is that the story isn't actually all that; it's the writing that makes it a classic novel. The last two pages of the novel are possibly the most beautiful in literature so unless Nick reads them verbatim something is lost. 


Leo is in there. I must see it ;)

i'll being seeing django unchained and the great gatsby :)

oh i agree! I wasn't meaning to insult it! Luhrman has a specific style and while it was perfect for Moulin Rouge, Gatsby is different. I just really hope it turns out well and I'm worried, since both stories contain forbidden affiars, that Gatsby will be another version of it, just set in a different time. I totally did not mean to insult moulin rouge!

i thnk ill b seein the other leo film comin out christmas day. goodbye gatsby, hello calvin candie!

DeCaprio as Gatsby?? Yes please

Looks pretty good despite the awful casting of Nick

no church in the wild by jay-z & kanye west

I don't know why, but I'm excited for this movie. We read this in class and I slept through the first half of it. I hated the book it bore me but I'm freaking excited for this.

I believe it is "No Church in the Wild by Kanye West

Tobey is just awkward looking enough to be Nick.  He was cast badly as Spiderman but I think he will fit this part very well.

Spiderman is no Nick Carraway. Looks like a terrible casting call

I think Baz Luhrman know what he is doing, I believe this film is going to be just as great as Gatsby.

0:18 theres a zebra in the pool!

It's so funny how i came across this through top trends on twitter. I'm reading this story in my English class at the moment and watching the original movie on the book. I'm really excited to see this remake. Especially with Leonardo in it :3

Um excuse me, Moulin Rouge is one of the most amazing & utterly beautiful movies out there.

This is beauty

Romeo + Juliet is one of my favorite films of all time. I will see this.

they cast it really well though!!

Its really not so much the cinematography; I for one find it gripping. Its the flashy editing and quick pace that I'm worried about.

Im honestly really excited for this movie.  Loved the book!

It looks... like a Baz Luhrman movie. 

well... thats not what i was expecting... Luhrman is just gonna make this  another Moulin Rouge... just no

oh no its spider man


this looks crappy sigh sorry

Directed by Martin Scorcesse starring Vincent Chase

Unbelievable. The tone of this film seems so light. I hate this trailer, and if the film is shot this way, or directed this way, then it's a gigantic failure. Hopefully not. DiCaprio has worn out the cool-dude role- he's too old. 

AHH! So excited!!

Where is Vinny Chase?

WATCHING THIS. 

great movie,leonardo dicarpio cant wait


Can't wait.


Looks perfect. 

I recently read the book and watch the older version of this movie and I can't wait until this comes out.

Why is this gorgeous movie not in Imax?

FIRST

"No church in the wild" by Kanye West, Jay-Z and Frank Ocean. I want to know what the second song is :D

yes it was all very weird, the music. 


Omg, what is the intro song? (Starts at 0:07) Loving it! Cannot wait for this movie!

Perfection? I think so.

What kind of a row, are you trying to "clause" in my house?    --- think they shoulda done another take on that.

!!! SPOILER !!! Gatsby aka leo dies at the end.

did anybody else find the use of No Church in Wild weird. i felt like i was watching a movie about black gangsters for a second. 

No shit Sherlock

Thanks for that, Captain Obvious.

2nd wat up

